HashCalc

We will use HashCalc tool to calculate one-way hashes.

Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\MDS and MD6 Hash Calculators\HashCalc and double click setup.exe.

the HashCalc window; ensure that the File option is selected in the Data Format field and click ellipsis icon (...) under the Data filed.
The Find window appears, navigate to the location where you saved the Test.txt file (here, Desktop) and click Open
The path of the selected file (Test.txt) appears tmder the Data field. Ensure that the MDS, SHA1, RIPEMD160, and CRC32 hash functions are selected.
Click the Calculate button.
The calculated hash values of the Test .txt file appears
Note: In real-time, the HashCalc too! is used to check rl1e integrity of a file where the changes in rl1e hash values indicate rl1at the file content has been modified.

MD5 Calculator

Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\MDS and MD6 Hash calculators\MDS Calculator and double-click md5calc(1.0.0.0).msi.
The MDS Calculator setup window appears; click Next.
Navigate to Desktop, right-click on the text file (Test.txt) that we created in the previous task, and click MDS Calculator from the context menu to
calcula te the MDS hash of the file.

The MDS Calculator window appears, with the path of file under the File Name field and MDS hash value under me MDS Digest field, as shown in the
screenshot

Note: If a person wants to send a file to anoilier person via a medium, they will calculate its hashes and send the file (along wid1 rl1e hash value) to the
intended person. \"Vhen rl1e intended person receives ilie email, may will download me file and calculate its value using me MD5 Calculator.

HashMyFiles (Calcular MD5)

navigate to E:ICEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\MDS and MD6 Hash Calc ulators\HashMyFiles and double-click HashMyFiles.exe.
In the HashMyFiles window, click Files from the menu bar. From the drop-down list, click the Add Folder option.
Note: You can also use the A dd Files option to add multiple files
The Select Folder pop-up appears; click on rl1e ellipsis icon (..) to select the folder you want to encrypt.
The Browse for Folder window appears; navigate to E:\CEHTools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\MDS and MD6 Hash Calculators\HashMyfiles and select the Sample Files folder; then, 
click OK.
The location of me selected folder appears in the field; click OK.
A list of files cont.ained in the folder appears, along with their various hash values such as MD5, SHA1, CRC32, etc
In the HashMyfiles window, click Options from the menu bar and choose Hash Types from the options. You can observe a list of hash functions such as MD5, SHA1, CRC32, SHA-256,
SHA-512, and SHA-3 84, which you can choose (here, the MDS, SHA 1, and CRC32 hash functions were selected).
Note: In real-time, you may share confidencial infonnation in the folder in an encrypted form to maint.ain its integrity.

CryptoForge
we will use rl1e CryptoForge too! to encrypt a file and text message
Z:\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptography Tools\Cryptoforge and double-click Cryptoforge.exe.
Right-click the Confidential.txt file located at the same location (E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\CryptographyTools\CryptoForge) and select Encrypt from the 
context menu.
The Enter Passphrase - CryptoForge Files dialog-box appears; type a password in the Passphrase fteld, retype it in the Confirm fteld, and click
OK. The password used in this lab is qwerty@1234.
Note: No one can access dus file unless the user provides the password for d1e encrypted file. You will have to share the password with the user through
message, email, or any other means

Advanced Encryption Package
navigate to E:ICEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptography Tools\Advanced Encryption Package and double-click aep.msi.
Now, click the Start icon from the bottom-left corner of Desktop; and from the list of Recently added applications, click Advanced Encryption
Package 2017 to launch the application
The Advanced Encryption Package - License Manager window appears. Under the License Manager section, select the Start free 30-day trial radio button and click Next
Leave all options set to default in the License lnformation step and click Finish
The Advanced Encryption Package main window appears
In the Advanced Encryption Package window, expand E: drive and navigate to CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptography Tools\Advanced Encryption Package. 
Select the Sample.docx file located in the given location and click Encrypt in the toolbar
You need to provide a password for encryption. In the right-hand panel, enter the password into the Pwd field, retype it in the Again field, and
click Encrypt Now! button (Here, the password provided is test@123)
The encrypted Sample.docx.aep file appears in the same location as the original file
To decrypt the file, first, select the encrypted ftle and click on Decrypt
Note: In real time, net:work administrators or ethical hackers use this tool to encrypt files and send it to the intended persons to safeguard the integrity of
the files.

BCTextEncoder
we will use the BCfextEncoder too! to encrypt and decrypt data.
1. navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptography Tools\BCTextEncoder and double click BCTextEncoder_v.1.03.2.1.exe.
To encrypt the text, insert text in the clip board.
Or
Select the data that you want to encocle and paste it to the clipboard by pressing Ctri+V.
4. Ensure that the password option is selected in the Encode by field and click Encode
The Enter password pop-up appears; enter the password into the Password field and retype it in the Confirm field; then, click OK. Here,
we use the password test@123
BCTextEncoder encocles d1e te..xt and displays it in under the Encoded text section
To decrypt the data, first, you need to clean the Decoded plain text inthe clipboard, and then click the Decode button.
The Enter password for encoding text dialog-box appears; insert the Password (test@123) into the password field and click OK.
Note: In real-time, using this procedure, you can encode the text while sending it to the intended user along with the password used for encryption. The user for
whom the text is intended should have the BCfextEncoder apphcation installed on his/ her machine. He/ she will have topaste the encoded te.xt into the Encoded
text section and use the password you shared, to decode it to plain text.

Create and Use Self-signed Certificates
Select Internet lnformation Services (liS) Manager from the results.
The Internet lnformation Services (liS) Manager window appears; click the machine name (SERVER2019 (SERVER2019\Administrator)) under the Connections section from the 
left-hand pane.
In SERVER2019 Home, double-click Server Certificates in the liS section.
The Server Certificates wizard appears; click Create Self-Signed Certificate ... from the right-hand pane in the Actions section
The Create Self-Signed Certificate window appears; type GoodShopping in the Specify a friendly na me for the certificate field.
Ensure that the Personal option is selected in the Select a certificate store for the new certificate field; then, click OK.
A newly created self-signed certificare will be displayed in the Server Certificates pane, as shown in the screenshot
Expand the Sites node from the left-hand pane, and select GoodShopping from the available si tes. Click Bindings ••• from the righthand
pane in the Actions section.
The Site Bindings window appears; click Add •••.
The Add Site Binding window appears; choose https from the Type field drop-down list. Once you choose the https type, the port munber in the
Port field automatically changes to 443 (the channel on which HTTPS runs).
15. Choose the IP address on which the si te is hosted (here, 10.10.10.19) .
16. Under d1e Host name field, type www.goodshopping.com. Under the SSL certificate field, select GoodShopping from the drop-down list, and click OK
The newly creared SSL certificare is added to the Site Bindings window; then, click Close.
Now, right-click the name of the site for which you have created the selfsigned certificate (here, GoodShopping) and click Refresh from the context menu.
Open the Google Chrome browser, type https://www.goodshopping.com in d1e address bar, and press Enter

RMail
we will use the RMail too! to perform email encryption
Open any web browser (here, Google Chrome), type https://www.rmail.com/free-trial/ in the address bar, and press Enter.
as well as the registration form. Fill in the required personal details.
The FREE TRIAL - GETTING STARTED page appears; click Apps page hyperlink.
The APPS & DOWNLOADS page appears; click the RMail for Gmail (Chrome) option from the available platforms.
The RMAIL FOR GMAIL (GOOGLE CHROME) page appears; scroll down and click the ADD TO CHROME button
A chrome web store page appears; click the Add to Chrome button under the RPost for Gmail option
The Add "RPost for Gmail"? notification appears; click Add extension.
RPost is added to the browser and an RPost for Gmail has been added to Chrome no tification appears.
12. Now, open a new tab in the browser and open rl1e Gmail account within which you wish to implement email encryption.
13. Once you log in to your Gmail accotmt, the RMail pop-up appears. Click the Actívate button.
The Thank you For Choosing RMail page appears. Close the tab and navigate back to your Gmail account page.
17. Click Compose from the left-hand pane; the email body appears. Compose an email and click Send Registered.
The RMail Track & Prove pop-up appears; ensure that the Marked radio button is selected. Under the Register Replies section, check the Receive
proof of content and time of replies to this message checkbox. Then, click the Encrypt tab.
In the Encrypt tab, check the Encrypt message and any attachments checkbox and click the E-sign tab.
In the E-Sign tab, check both the Send your attachments for electronic signature and Send e-sign request encrypted checkboxes. Click the Send Registered button
In the lnbox, you can observe an Acknowledgement email with Proof of Sending

Veracrypt
we will use d1e VeraCrypt too! to perform disk encryption.
Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Disk Encryption Tools\VeraCrypt and double-click VeraCrypt Setup 1.24-Hotfix1.exe.
The VeraCrypt main window appears; click the Create Volume button.
The VeraCrypt Volume Creation Wizard window appears. Ensure that the Create an encrypted file container radio-button is selected and click Next to proceed
In the Volume Type wizard, keep the default settings and click Next.
In the Volume Location wizard, click Select File ....
The Specify Path and File Name window appears; navigate to the desired location (here, Desktop), provide the File name as My Volume, and click Save
After saving the file, the location of a file containing the VeraCrypt volume appears under the Volume Location field; then, click Next.
In the Encryption Options wizard, keep the default settings and click Next.
15. In the Volume Size wizard, ensure that the MB radio-button is selected and specify the size of the VeraCrypt container as 5; then, click Next.
The Volume Password wizard appears; provide a strong password in the Password field, retype in the Confirm field, and click Next. The password
provided in dus lab is qwerty@123
The Volume Format wizard appears; ensure that FAT is selected in the Filesystem option and Default is selected in Cluster option.
18. Check the checkbox under the Random Pool, Header Key, and Master Key section.
19. Move your mouse as randomly as possible within the Volume Creation Wizard window for at least 30 seconds and click the Format button.
After clicking Format, VeraCrypt will create a file called My Volume in the provided folder. This file depends on the VeraCrypt container (it will
contain the encrypted VeraCrypt volume).
21. Depending on the size of d1e volume, volume creation may take some time.
22. Once the volume is created, a VeraCrypt Volume Creation Wizard dialog-box appears; click OK.
In the VeraCrypt Volume Creation Wizard window, a Volume Created message appears; d1en, click Exit
The VeraCrypt main window appears; select a drive (here, 1:) and click Select File ....
The Select a VeraCrypt Volume window appears; navigate to Desktop, click My Volume, and click Open.
The window closes, and the VeraCrypt window appears displaying the location of selected volume under d1e Volume field; then, click Mount.
The Enter password dialog-box appears; type the password you specified in Step#16 into the Password field and click OK.
After the password is verified, VeraCrypt will mount d1e volume in I: drive, as shown in the screenshot

BitLocker Drive Encryption
we will perform disk encryption using BitLocker Drive Encryption
Click the Type here to search field present at the bottom-left comer of Desktop and type bitlocker. Select Manage Bitlocker from the search results.
The BitLocker Dñve Encryption window appears; click the New Volume (E:) BitLocker off option under the Removable data drives - BitLocker To Go section.
Click the Turn on BitLocker option under New Volume (E:) BitLocker off.
The BitLocker Drive Encryption (E:) wizard appears; check the Use a password to unlock the drive checkbox.
S. Type the password in the Enter your password field and re-type the password in the Reenter your password field; then, click Next (Here,
the password entered is test@123) .
The How do you want to back up your recovery key? step appears; click Save to a file from the available options.
The Save BitLocker recovery key as window appears; keep the save location set to default and click Save
Click Next in the How do you want to back up your recovery key? step.
9. In the Choose how much of your drive to encrypt step, select the Encrypt entire drive (slower but best for PCs and drives already in use) button, and click Next.
In the Choose which encryption mode to use step, ensure that the Compatible mode (best for drives that can be moved from this device) option is selected, and click Next.
In the Are you ready to encrypt this drive? step, click Start encrypting to encrypt the selected drive
The BitLocker Orive Encryption pop-up appears, showing the Encrypting ... status
After the completion of the encryption process, the Encryption of E: is complete notification appears; click Close and Restart the virtual machine.
After the system reboots, login with the credentials
You can observe that Local Disk (E:) is now encrypted; double-click and d1e BitLocker (E:) security pop-up appears at d1e top-right comer of Desktop.
17. Type the password you provided in Step#S and click Unlock
The New Volume (E:) pop-up appears at the top-right corner of file window. Click the Open folder to view files option to view the disk content.
The New Volume (E:) window appears displaying the disk content, as shown in the screenshot.
Note: The disk will remain unlocked until the next tune you restart the system .

Rohos Disk Encryption
we will use the Rohos Disk Encryption too! to perform disk encryption
navigate to E:ICEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Disk Encryption Tools\Rohos Disk Encryption and double-click rohos.exe.
The Rohos Disk Encryption main window appears; click Create new disk •••
The Create new Rohos disk window appears; click Change ... to modify the size of the encrypted disk
The Disk details wizard appears; modify the disk size to 10 in the Disk Size (in Megabytes) field and leave all od1er settings to default; then, click OK.
Provide a password in the Specify a new password to access the disk field and retype it into the Confirm password field; then, click Create
disk button (Here, the password provided is test@123)
Wait until the encrypted volume is created. The time to create the encrypted volume depends upon d1e size you specified under the Disk
Size option: if large, it will take a long time to create the volume.
11. On creating the encrypted volume, the Encrypted Disk (R:) window appears, displaying d1e default disk content, as shown in the screenshot
The Disk is connected notification appears at d1e top sectlon of the Rohos Disk Enc ryption window.
Note: This drive appears only when you are connected to Rohos Disk Encryption, and disappears when you exit.

Cryptool 
we will use d1e CrypTool tool to perfonn cryptanalysis
Navigate to E:ICEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptanalysis Tools\CrypTool and double-click SetupCrypTool_1_4_4 1_en.exe
The CrypTool window appears; close the startingexample-en.txt window
Click the File option from the menu bar and select New to create encrypted data
The Unnamed1 notepad appears; insert sorne text into d1e file. You will
be encrypting dus content.
11. From me menu bar, click Encrypt/Decrypt and navigate to Symmetric (modern) -+ RC2 •••.
Note: RC2 is a symmetric-key block cipher. It is a 64-bit block cipher with variable key size and uses 18 rounds.
The Key Entry: RC2 dialog box appears; keep the Key length set to default (8 bits).
13. In the text field below Key length, enter 05 as hexadecimal characters, and click Encrypt.
Note: The chosen hexadecimal character acts as a key that you must send to the intended user along with the encrypted file.
The RC encryption of Unnamed1 notepad ftle appears
To save, click File in the menu bar and select Save

The Key Entry: Triple DES (ECB) dialog-box appears; leave the Key
length set to default (128 bits (effectively 112 bits)).
36. In the text field below Key length, enter d1e combinations of 12 as hexadecimal characters, and click Encrypt.
Note: The chosen hexadecimal characters act like a key that you must send to the intended user along with the encrypted file.

AlphaPeeler
we will use d1e AlphaPeeler tool to perfonn cryptanalysis.
1. In d1e Windows 10 virtual machine, navigate to E:ICEH-T ools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptogr aphy\Crypta nalysis Tools\Aipha Peeler and doubleclick Alpha PeelerPro1.3wse.exe.
Switch back to the AlphaPeeler window; click Professional Crypto from the menu bar and select DES crypto from the options
The DES crypto pop-up appears; click the ellipsis icon (...) under the Plain text file option
The Open window appears; navigate to Desktop and select Test.txt file; then, click Open.
Note: Here, we are selecting the file that we will encrypt and dus will act as an input file
In the DES crypto pop-up; click the ellipsis icon (...) under the Cipher text file option.
12. The Open window appears; select the save location Q1ere, E:ICEHTools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography\CryptanalysisTools\AiphaPeeler) and name the file as Confidential.txt; 
then, click Open.
In the DES crypto pop-up; insert the password into the Passphrase field and click DES-EDE (CBC) to encrypt the te..xt file.
Note: Here, the password provided is test@123.
A new ftle Confidential.txt appears at location E:ICEH-Tools\CEHv11
Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptanalysis Tools\AiphaPeeler, as shown in the screenshot.
15. Double-click Confidential.txt to open, and you can observe that the file's content is encrypted.
Note: Here, the encrypted file is shared duough shared network drive E:\CEHTools\CEHv11 Module 20 Cryptography and the key to open the encrypted
data was sent to you via an email. Using this, you can decrypt the encrypted data and view the data in plain-text.
