Perform NetBIOS Enumeration using Windows CommandLine Utilities

Open a Command Prompt window.
4. Type nbtstat -a <IP address of the remote machine> (in this example, the target IP address is 10.10.10.1O) and press Enter.
Note: In this command, -a displays the NetBIOS name table of a remote computer.
The result appears, displaying the NetBIOS name table of a remote computer (in this case, the WINDOWS10 virtual machine)
In the same Command Prompt window, type nbtstat -c and press Enter.
Note: In this command, -c lists the contents of the NetBIOS name cache of the remote computer.
7. The result appears, displaying the contents of the NetBIOS name cache, the table of NetBIOS names, and their resolved IP addresses.
Note: lt is possible to extract this information wimout creating a null session (an unaumenticated session).
Now, type net use and press Enter. The output displays information about the target such as connection status, shared folder/ drive and network information

NetBIOS Enumerator
In the Windows 10 virtual machine, navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 04 Enumeration\NetBIOS Enumeration Tools\NetBIOS Enumerator and double-click NetBIOS Enumerater.exe.
Under IP range to scan, enter an IP range in the from and to fields and click the Scan button to initiate the svan (In this example, we are targeting the IP
range 10.10.10.15-10.10.10.20).
Click on the expand icon (+) to the left of the 10.10.10.16 and 10.10.10.19 IP addresses in the left pane of the window. Then click on the expand icon
to the left of NetBIOS Names to display NetBIOS details of the target IP address,

Perform NetBIOS Enumeration using an NSE Script
The Zenmap window appears. In the Command field, type the command nmap -sV -v --script nbstat.nse <Target IP Address> (in this example,
the target IP address is 10.10.1 0.16) and click Scan.
Note: -sV detects the senrice versions, -v enables the verbose output (that is, includes all hosts and ports in the output), and --script nbtstat.nse performs
the NetBIOS enumeration.
The scan results appear, displaying the open ports and services, along with their versions. Displayed under the Host script results section are
details about the target system such as the NetBIOS name, NetBIOS user, and NetBIOS MAC address

In the Command field of Zenmap, type nmap -sU -p 137 --script nbstat.nse <Target IP Address> (in this case, the target IP address is 10.10.10.16) and click Scan.
Note: -sU perfonns a UDP sean, -p specifies the port to be scanned, and --script nbtstat.nse performs the NetBIOS enumeration.
S. The scan results appear, displaying the open NetBIOS port (137) and, under the Host script results section, NetBIOS details such as NetBIOS
name, NetBIOS user, and NetBIOS MAC of the target system

snmp-check

In the Parrot Terminal window, type nmap -sU -p 161 <Target IP address> (in this example, the target IP address is 10.10.1 0.16) and press Enter.
Note: -sU performs a UDP scan and -p specifies the port to be scanned
The results appear, displaying that port 161 is open/ filtered and being used by SNMP

In the Parrot Terminal window, type snmp-check <Target IP Address> (in this example, the target IP address is 10.10.1 0.16) and press Enter.
11. The result appears as shown in the screenshot. It reveals that the extracted SNMP port 161 is being used by the default "public" community string.
Note: If the target machine does not have a valid account, no output will be displayed.
12. The snmp-check command enumerates the target machine, listing sensitive information such as System information and U ser accounts
Scroll down to view detailed information regarding the target network under the following sections: Network information, Network
intefaces, Network IP and Routing information, and TCP connections and listening ports.
Similarly, scrolling down reveals further sensitive information on Processes, Storage information, File system information, Device information, Share, etc.

SoftPerfect Network Scanner

In windows Navigate to Z:\CEHv11 Module 04 Enumeration\SNMP Enumeration Tools\SoftPerfect Network Scanner and double-click netscan_setup.exe
In the Options menu, click Remote SNMP •••. The SNMP pop-up window will appear.
9. Click the Mark All/None button to select all the items available for SNMP scanníng and close the window.
To scan your network, enter an IP range in the 1Pv4 From and To fields (in this example, the target IP address range is 10.10.10.5-10.10.10.20), and click
the Start Scanning button
The status bar at the lower-right comer of the GUI displays the status of the scan.
12. The scan results appear, displaying the active hosts in the target IP address range
To view the properties of an individual IP address, right-click a particular IP address (in this example, 10.10.10.16) and select Properties
The Properties window appears, displaying the Shared Resources and Basic lnfo of the machine corresponding to the selected IP address
To view the shared folders, note the scanned hosts that have a + node before them. Expand the node to view all the shared folders
Right-click the selected host, and click Open Device. A drop -down list appears, containing options that allow you to connect to the remote
machine over HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, and Telnet.

Active Directory Explorer (AD Explorer)

In windows Navigate to Z:\CEHv11 Module 04 Enumeration\LDAP Enumeration Tools\Active Directory Explorer and double-click ADExplorer.exe.
The Connect to Active Directory pop-up appears; type the IP address of the target in the Connect to field (in this example, we are targeting
the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine: 10.10.10.16) and click OK.
The Active Directory Explorer displays the active directory structure in the left pane
Now, expand DC=CEH, DC=com, and CN=Users by clicking "+" to explore domain user details
Click any user name (in the left pane) to display its properties in the right pane.
Right-click any attribute in the right pane (in this case, displayName) and click Modify ••• from the context menu to modify the user's profile
The Modify Attribute window appears. First, select the username tmder
the Value section, and then click the Modify ... button. The Edit Value pop-up appears. Rename the username in d1e Value data field and click OK to save the changes
You can read and modify other user profile attributes in the same way.
12. This concludes the demonstration of performing LDAP enumeratton using AD Explorer

RPCScan  (NFS)

In the terminal, type nmap -p 2049 <Target IP Address> (in this case, 10.10.1 0.19) and press Enter.
Open any explorer window and press Ctrl+L. The Location field appears; type smb://10.10.10.10 and press Enter to access Windows 10 shared folders.
The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Usemame: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0rd) and click Connect.
Thee Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears; navigate to the location CEH-Tools/CEHv11 Module 04 Enumeration/GitHub Tools/ and copy the RPCScan folder.
Paste the copied RPCScan folder on the location /home/attacker/.
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attacker/RPCScan /root/.
24. After the download completes, navigate to the RPCScan folder by typing cd RPCScan and press Enter.
Type python3 rpc-scan.py <Target IP address> --rpc (in this case, the target IP address is 10.10.10.19, the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine); press Enter.
Note: -rpc: lists the RPC (portmapper); the target IP address may differ in your lab environment
The result appears, displaying that port 2049 is open, and the NFS service is running on it

SuperEnum (NFS)

In the terminal window, type git clone https://github.com/p4pentest/SuperEnum and press Enter to download the SuperEnum repository.
Open any explorer window and press Ctrl+L. The Location field appears; type smb://10.10.10.10 and press Enter to access Windows 10 shared folders.
The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Username: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0rd) and click Connect.
The Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears; navigate to the location CEH-Tools/CEHv11 Module 04 Enumeration/GitHub Tools/ and copy the SuperEnum folder.
Paste the copied SuperEnum folder on the location /home/attacker/
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attacker/SuperEnum /root/
type cd SuperEnum and press Enter to navigate to the SuperEnum tool folder
Type echo "10.10.10.19" >> Target.txt and press Enter to create a target file containing IP address
18. Type ./superenum and press Enter. Under Enter IP List filename with path, type Target.txt, and press Enter.
N ote: If you get an error running the ./superenum script, type chmod +x superenum and press Enter, then repeat Step 18
After the scan is finished, scroll down to review me results. Note that port 2049 is open and the NFS service is running on it.
You can also observe the other open ports and the services running on them.
22. In the terminal window, type cd .. and press Enter to return to d1e root directory

Zone Transfer (DNS)

In Parrot In the terminal window, type dig ns <Target Domain> (in this case, the target domain is www.certifiedhacker.com); press Enter.
Note: In this command, ns returns name servers in the result.
8. The above command retrieves information about all the DNS name servers of the target domain and displays it in the ANSWER SECTION,
In the terminal window type dig @<Name Server> <Target Domain> axfr
(in this example, the name server is ns1.bluhost.com and the target domain is www.certifiedhacker.com); press Enter.
Note: In this command, axfr retrieves zone information.
1 O. The result appears, displaying that the server is available, but that the Transfer failed.
Note: After retrieving DNS name server information, the attacker can use one of the servers to test whether the target DNS allows zone transfers or
not. In this case, zone transfers are not allowed for the target domain; this is why the command resulted in the message: Transfer failed. A penetration
tester should attempt DNS zone transfers on different domains of the target organization

NSlookup

We now move on to DNS enumeration of Windows DNS servers
The Command Prompt window appears; type nslookup, and press Enter.
15. In the nslookup interactive mode, type set querytype=soa, and press Enter.
16. Type the target domain certifiedhacker.com and press Enter. This resolves the target domain information
Note: set querytype=soa sets the query type to SOA (Start of Authority) record
to retrieve administrative infonnation about the DNS zone of the target domain certifiedhacker.com.
17. The result appears, displaying information about the target domain such as the primary name server and responsible mail addr
In the nslookup interactive mode, type ls -d <Name Server> (in this example, the name is ns1.bluehost.com) and press Enter, as shown in the screenshot.
Note: In this command, ls -d requests a zone transfer of the specified name server.
19. The result appears, displaying that the DNS server refused the zone transfer
Note: After retrieving DNS name server information, the attacker can use one of the servers to test whether the target DNS allows zone transfers or
not. In this case, the zone transfer was refused for the target domain. A penetration tester should attempt DNS zone transfers on different domaíns
of the target organization

DSRecon

In parrot, A Parrot Terminal window appears. Type dnsrecon -h and press Enter to view al! the available options in the DNSRecon tool.
Type dnsrecon -d <Target domain> -z (in thiss example, the target domain is www.certifiedhacker.com); press Enter
Note: In this command, -d specifies the target domain and -z specifies that the DNSSEC zone walk be perfonned with standard enumeration.
7. The result appears, displaying the enumerated DNS records for the target domain. In this case, DNS record file A is enumerated
Note: Using the DNSRecon tool, the attacker can enumerate general DNS records for a given domain (MX, SOA, NS, A, AAAA, SPF, and TXT). These
DNS records contain digital signatures based on public-key cryptography to strengthen authentication in DNS

NetScanTools Pro

Switch tome Windows 10 virtual machine and login with the credentials Admin and Pa$$w0rd.
3. Double-click the NetScanTools Pro Demo icon from Desktop to launch the tool
Note: If the Reminder window opens, click Start the DEMO, and in the DEMO Version window, click Start NetScanTools Pro Demo •••.
In the left pane, under Manual Tools (all), scroll clown and click *nix RPC lnfo,
In the Target Hostname or 1Pv4 Address field in the right pane, enter the target IP address (in this case, 10.10.10.19) and click the Dump
Portmap button to start RPC enumeration
The result appears, displaying the enumerated Program ID, Version, Protocol, and Port of the target system.
In the left pane, under the Manual Tools (all) section, scroll down and click the SMB Scanner option
In the right pane, click the Start SMB Scanner (external App) button
The SMB Scanner window appears; click the Edit Target List button.
The Edit Target List window appears. In the Hostname or 1Pv4 Address field, enter the target IP address (10.10.10.19, in this example). Click the Add
to List button to add d1e target IP address to Target List.
12. Similarly, add another target IP address (10.10.10.16, in this example) to Target List and click OK.
Now, click Edit Share Login Credentials to add credentials to access the target systems
The Login Credentials List for Share Checking window appears. Enter
Administrator and Pa$$w0rd in the Usemame and Password fields, respectively. Click Add to List to add the credentials to the list and click OK.
In reality, attackers may add a list of login credentials by which they can log in to the target machines and obtain the required SMB share information.
In the SMB Scanner window, click the Get SMB Versions button
Once the scan is complete, the result appears, displaying information such as the NetBIOS Name, DNS Name, SMB versions, and Shares for each target IP address
Right-click on any of the machines (in this example, we will use 10.10.10.19) and click View Shares from the available options
The Shares for 10.10.10.19 window appears, displaying detailed information about shared files such as Share Name, Type, Remark, Path, Permissions, and Credentials Used

Perform RPC, SMB, and FTP Enumeration using Nmap

In the Parrot Terminal window, type nmap -p 21 <Target IP Address> (in this case, 10.10.10.19) and press Enter.
19. The scan result appears, indicating that port 21 is open and me FTP service is running on it,
In the terminal window, type nmap -T4 -A <Target IP Address> (in this example, the target IP address is 10.10.10.19) and press Enter.
Note: In this command, -T4 specifies the timing template (the number can be 0-5) and -A specifies that the ACK flag is set.
21. The scan result appears, displaying that port 111 is open, and giving detailed information about the services running on it, along with their versions
In the terminal window, type nmap -p <Target Port> -A <Target IP Address> (in this example, the target port is 445 and the target IP address is 10.10.10.19) and press Enter.
Note: In this command, -p specifies the port to be scanned, and -A specifies that the ACK flag is set.
23. The scan result appears, displaying that port 445 is open, and giving detailed information under the Host script results section about the running SMB
In the terminal window, type nmap -p <Target Port> -A <Target IP Address> (in this example, the target port is 21 and target IP address is 10.10.10.19) and press Enter.
Note: In this command, -p specifies the port to be scanned and -A specifies d1at the ACK flag is set.
The scan result appears, displaying that port 21 is open, and giving traceroute information

Global Network lnventory

In the Windows 10 virtual machine, log in with the credentials Admin/ Pa$$w0rd and navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 03 Scanning Networks\Scanning Tools\Global Network lnventory; d1en,
double-click gni_setup.exe
The About Global Network lnventory wizard appears; click I Agree.
The Global Network lnventory GUI appears. Click Close on the Tip of the Day pop-up.
Under the Audit Scan Mode section, click the Single address scan radio button, and then click Next.
Note: You can also scan an IP range by clicking on the IP range scan radio button, after which you will specify the target IP range
Under the Single Address Scan section, specify the target IP address in the Name field of the Single address option (in this example, the target IP address is 10.10.10.16); 
Click Next
The next section is Authentication Settings; select the Connect as radio button and enter the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine credentials
(Domain \ Username: Administrator and Password: Pa$$w0rd) , and then click Next.
Note: In reality, attackers do not know the credentials of the remote machine(s). In this situation, they choose the Connect as currently logged on user option
and perform a scan to determine which machines are active in the network With this option, they will not be able to extract all the information about the target
system. Because this lab is just for assessment purposes, we have entered the credentials of the remote machine directly.
In the final step of the wizard, leave the default settings tmchanged and click Finish
The Scan progress window will appear
The results are displayed when the scan finished. The Scan summary of the scanned target IP address ( 10.10.1 0.16) appears.
Note: The scan result and summary in each tab might vary in your lab environment
Hover your mouse cursor over the Computer deta its under the Scan summary tab to view the scan summary
Click the Operating System tab and hover me mouse cursor over Windows details to view me complete details of the machine
Click the BIOS tab, and hover the mouse cursor over windows details to display detailed BIOS settings information.
Click the NetBIOS tab, and hover thee mouse cursor over any NetBIOS application to display the detailed NetBIOS information about the target

Advanced IP Scanner

In windows Navigate to Z:\CEHv11 Module 03 Scanning Networks\Ping Sweep Tools\Advanced IP Scanner and double-click Advanced_IP _Scanner_2.5.3850.exe.
4. Follow the installation steps to install Advanced IP Scanner, using all the default settings
In the IP address range field, specify the IP range (in this example, we will target 10.10.10.5-10.1 0.1 0.20). Click the Scan button.
Advanced IP Scanner scans the target IP address range, with progress tracked by the status bar at the bottom of the window. Wait for the scan to complete
The sean results appear, displaying information about active hosts in the target network such as status, machine name, IP address, manufacturer name, and MAC addresses,
Click the Expand all icon to view the shared folders and running on the target network.
The shared folders and servtces running on the target network appear
Right-click any of the detected IP addresses to list available options.
Using these options, you can ping, traceroute, transfer files, chat, send a message, connect to the target machine remotely (using Radmin), etc

Enum4linux

In the Parrot Terminal window, type enum41inux -h and press Enter to view the various options available with enum4linux
The help options appear, as shown in the screenshot. In this lab, we will demonstrate only a few options to conduct enumeration on the target machine
We will first enumerate the NetBIOS infonnation of the target machine.
In the terminal window, type enum41inux -u martin -p apple -n <Target IP Address> (in this case, 10.10.10.16) and hit Enter.
Note: In this command, -u user specifies the username to use and -p pass specifies the password.
The tool enumerates the target system and displays the NetBIOS information under the Nbtstat lnformation section
In the terminal window, type enum41inux -u martin -p apple -U <Target IP Address> (in this case, 10.10.10.16) and hit Enter to run the tool with
the "get userlist" option
Enum4linux starts enumerating and displays data such as Target Information, Workgroup/ Domain, domain SID (security identifier), and
the list of users, along with their respective RIDs (relative identifier),
Second, we will obtain the OS information of the target; type enum41inux -u martin -p apple -o <Target IP Address> (tn this case, 10.10.10.16) and hit Enter
The tool enumerates the target system and lists its OS details
Third, we will enumerate the password policy information of our target machine. In the terminal window, 
type enum41inux -u martin -p apple -P <Target IP Address> (tn this case, 10.10.10.16) and hit Enter.
The tool enumerates the target system and displays its password policy information
Fourth, we will enumera te the target machine's group policy information.
In the terminal window, type enum41inux -u martin -p apple -G <Target IP Address> (in this case, 10.10.10.16) and hit Enter
The tool enumerates the target system and displays the group policy information,
Finally, we will enumerate the share policy information of our target machine. Type enum41inux -u martin -p apple -S <Target IP Address>
(in this case, 10.10.1 0.16) and hit Enter
The result appears, displaying the enumera te shared folders on the target system
