theHarvester
theHarvester -d microsoft.com -l 200 -b baidu

Note: In this command, -d specifies the domain or company name to search, -l specifies the number of results to be retrieved, and -b specifies the data source.

theHarvester -d eccouncil -l 200 -b linkedin

Redes sociales para saber los empleados

https://censys.io/domain?q=eccouncil.org
Para saber el SO.

sherlock
git clone https://github.com/sherlockproject/sherlock.git o CEH-Tools/CEHv11 Module 02 Footprinting and Reconnaissance/GitHub Tools/ and copy the sherlock folder to /root
cd sherlock
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
despues de la instalacion
cd sherlock
python3 sherlock.py satya nadella  para ver urls relacionados a satya nadella

Web Data Extractor
E:ICEH-Tools\CEHv11\Module 02 Footprinting and Reconnaissance\Web Spiders\Web DataExtractor and double-click wde.exe.
Despues de instalación
The Web Data Extractor main window appears. Click New to start a new session.
The Session settings window appears; type a URL (here, http://www.certifiedhacker.com) in the Starting URL field. Check all the options, as shown in d1e screenshot, 
and click OK.
Click Start to initiate the data extraction.
Acabara la extracción cuando aparezca un cuadro de dialogo
View the extracted infonnation by clicking the tabs.
--Select the Meta tags tab to view the URL, Title, Keywords, Description, Host, Domain, page síze, etc.
--Select the Emails tab to view infonn ation related to emails such as Email address, Name, URL, Title, etc
--Select the Phones tab to view the Phone, Source, Tag, URL, etc.
Check for more information under the Faxes, Merged list, URLs, andlnactive sites tabs.
To save the session, choose File and click Save session
Specify the sess10n name (here, certifiedhacker.com) m the Save session dialog box and click OK

HTTrack Web Site Copier
E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 02 Footprinting and Reconnaissance\Website Mirroring Tools\HTTrack Web Site Copier and double-click httrack-3.49.2.exe.
The WinHTTrack Website Copier window appears. Click OK in the popup window, and d1en click Next > to create a New Project

Enter the name of the project (here, Test Project) in the New project name: field. Select d1e Base path: to store the copied files; click Next >.

Enter a target URL Q1ere, www.certifiedhacker.com) in the Web Addresses: (URL) field and click Set options •••
WinHTTrack window appears, click the Sean Rules tab and select the checkboxes for the file types as shown in the following screenshot; click OK.
Click the Next > button
By default, the radio button will be selected for Please adjust connection paramet ers if necessary, then press FINJSH to launch the mirroring operation. Check Disconnect when
finished and click Finish to start mirroring the website.

Once the site mirroring is completed, WinHTirack displays the message Mirroring operation complete; click on Browse Mirrored Website.

Cewl

cewl -d 2 -m 5 www.certifiedhacker.com and press Enter.
Note: -d represents the depth to spider the website (here, 2) and -m represents mínimum word lengt (here, 5).

Alternatively, this unique wordlist can be written directly to a text file by typing 
cewl -w wordlist.txt -el 2 -m 5 www.certifiedhacker.com.
Note: -w - Write tl1e output to tl1e file (here, wordlist.txt)

eMaiiTrackerPro

E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 02 Footprinting and Reconnaissanc·e\Email Tracking Tools\eMaiiTrackerPro and double-click emt.exe
To trace email headers, click the My Trace Reports icon from the View section. (here, you will see the output report of the traced email header)
Click the Trace Headers icon from the New Email Trace section to start the trace
A pop-up window will appear; select Trace an email 1 have received. 
Copy the email header from the suspicious email you wish to trace and paste it in the Email headers: field under Enter Details section.
For finding email headers, open any web browser and login to any email account of your choice; from the email inbox, open the message you would like to view headers for.
Note: In Gmail, find the email header by following d1e steps:
• Open an email; click the dots (More) icon arrow next to the Reply icon at the top-right comer of the message pane.
• Select Show original from the list .
• The Original Message window appears in a new browser tab with all the details about the email, including d1e email header.
Copy the entire email header text and paste it into the Email headers:
field of eMailTrackerPro, and click Trace.
The My Trace Reports window opens.
The email location will be traced in a Map (world map GUI). You can also view the summary by selecting Ema il Summary on the right-hand side of ilie window. The Table section right below ilie Map shows ilie
entire hop in the route, with the IP and suspected locations for each hop.
Note: The location and IP addresses may vary according to your email header.
To examine the report, click the View Report button above Map to view the complete trace report.
The complete report appears in the default browser.
Expand each section to view detailed information.

Who is

Open any web browser (here, Mozilla Firefox) and navigate to http://whois.domaintools.com. In the Enter a domain or IP address ...
search bar, type www.certifiedhacker.com and click Search.

DNS

nslookup

In cdm type nslookup and then enter
In the nslookup interactive mode, type set type=a and press Enter. Setting the type as "a" configures nslookup to query for the IP address of a given
domain.
Type the target domain www.certifiedhacker.com and press Enter. This resolves the IP address and displays the result, 
Since the result returned is non-autoritative, you need to obtain the domain's aud1oritative name server.
9. Type set type=cname and press Enter. The CNAME lookup is done directly against the domain's autoritative name server and lists the CNAME records
for a domain.
10. Type certifiedhacker.com and press Enter.
11. This returns the domain's autoritative name server (ns1.bluehost.com), along with the mail server address (dnsadmin.box5331.bluehost.com)
Since you have obtained the authoritative name server, you will need to determine the IP address of the name server.
13. Issue the command set type=a and press Enter.
14. Type ns1.bluehost.com (or the primary name server that is displayed in your lab environment) and press Enter. this returns the IP address of the server

Open any web browser (here, Mozilla Firefox) and navigate to http://www.kloth.net/services/nslookup.php.
19. Once the site opens, in the Domain: field, enter certifiedhacker.com. Set the Query: field to default (A (1Pv4 address)] and click the Look it up button to
review the results that are displayed.
