Ghost Eye

In parrot in a terminal install ghost eye. Tod o this, in the terminal window, type git clone https://github.com/BullsEyeO/ghost_eye.git and press Enter.
 This will install Ghost Eye in your virtual machine.
 Note: You can also access the tool repository from the CEH-Tools folder available in Windows 1O virtual machine, in case, the C'rttH ub link does not exist,
or you are wuble to clone the too! repository. Follow the steps below in order to
access CEH-Tools folder from d1e Parrot Security virtual macl1ine:
Open a windows e,xplorer and press Ctri+L. The Location field appears;
type smb://10.10.10.10 and press Enter to access Windows 10 shared folders.
The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Usemame: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0rd) and click Connect.
The Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears; navigate to the location CEH-Tools/CEHv11 Module 13 Hacking Web Servers/GitHub Tools/ and copy the ghost_eye folder.
Paste the copied ghost_eye folder on the location /home/attacker/ .
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attacker/ghost_eye /root/
cd ghost_eye and press Enter.
In the terminal window, type pip3 install -r requirements.txt and press Enter
To launch Ghost Eye, type python3 ghost_eye.py and press Enter.
The Ghost Eye- Information Garl1ering Tool options appear, 
13. Let us perform a Whois Lookup. Type 1 for the Enter your choice: option and press Enter
Type certifiedhacker.com in the Enter Domain or IP Address: field and press Enter
Scroll up to see the certifiedhacker.com result In the result, observe the complete information of the certifiedhacker.com domain such as Domain
Name, Registry Domain ID, Registrar WHOIS Server, Registrar URL, and Updated Date
Let us perform a DNS Lookup on certifiedhacker.com. In the Enter your choice field, type 2 and press Enter to perform DNS Lookup.
17. The Enter Domain or IP Address field appears; type certifiedhacker.com, and press Enter.
As soon as you hit Enter, Ghost Eye starts performing a DNS Lookup on the targeted domain (here, certifiedhacker.com).
19. Scroll up to view the DNS Lookup result
Now, perform the Clickjacking Test. Type 6 in ilie Enter your choice field and press Enter.
21. In the Enter the Domain to test field, type certifiedhacker.com and press Enter.
By performing this test, Ghost Eye will provide the complete architecture of the web server, and also reveal whether the domain is vulnerable to
Clickjacking attacks or not

Skipfish

Turn on the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine and log in with the credentials Administrator and Pa$$w0rd.
2. Double-click the WAMP Server shortcut icon from Desktop to start WAMP Server services. Alternatively, you can also launch the WAMP
Server services from the Start menu apps
Wait until the WAP Server icon turns Green in the Notification area.
Leave the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine running. Switch to the Parrot Security virtual machine. 
In the terminal window, type skipfish -o /root/test -S /usr/share/skipfish/dictionaries/complete.wl http://[IP Address of Windows Server 2016]:8080 
and press Entere and launch MATE Terminal from the menu bar.
Now, perform security reconnaissance on a web server using Skipfish.
The target is the WordPress website http://[IP Address of Windows Server 2016].
On receiving this command, Skipfish performs a heavy brute-force attack on the web server by using the complete.wl dictionary file,
creates a directory named test in the root location, and stores the result in index.html inside this location.
12. Before beginning a sean, Skipfish displays some tips. Press Enter to start the security reconnaissance.
Skipfish scans the web server
Note that Skipfish takes sorne time (approximately 20 minutes) to complete its scan.
On completion of the sean, Skipfish generates a report and stores it in the test directory (in the root location). Navigate to location, right-click
index.html, hover your mouse cursor on Open With, and click Firefox to view the scan result
The Skipfish crawl result appears in the web browser, displaying a summary overview of document and issue types found
Expand each node to view detailed information regarding the result.
18. Analyze an issue found in the web server. To do this, click a node under the lssue type overview section to expand it.
19. Analyze the SQL query or similar syntax in parameters issue.
Observe the URL of the webpage associated with the vulnerability. Click the URL
The PHP version webpage appears, displaying details related to the machine, as well as the other resources associated with the web server
infrastructure and PHP configuration.
23. Click show trace next to the URL to examine the vulnerability in detail
An HTTP trace window appears on the webpage, displaying the complete HTML session,

httprecon Tool

Turn on the Windows 10 and log in with the credentials Admin and Pa$$w0rd.
2. Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 13 Hacking Web Servers\Web Server Footprinting Tools\httprecon, right-click httprecon.exe, and, from the context menu, click Run as
administrator double-click to latmch the application.
The main window of httprecon appears,
Enter the website URL (here, www.certifiedhacker.com) that you want to footprint and select port number (80) in the Target section.
S. Click Analyze to start analyzing the designated website.
6. A footprint of the website appears,
Look at the Get existing tab, and observe the server (Apache) and the server-side application (ASP.NET) used to develop the webpages.
8. When attackers obtain this information, they research the vulnerabilities present in ASP.NET and Apache and try to e.xploit them, which results in
either full or partial control over the web application.
9. Click the GET long request tab, which lists all GET requests. Next, click the Fingerprint Details tab
The details displayed in the screenshot above include the name of the
protocol rl1e website is using and its version.
11. By obtaining this information, attackers can manipulate HTIP vulnerabilities in order to perform malicious activities such as sniffing over the HTTP
channel, which might result in revealing sensitive data such as user credentials

ID Serve

On the Windows 10 virtual machine, navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11Module 13 Hacking Web Servers\Web Server Footprinting Tools\ID Serve
and double-click idserve.exe.
2. The main window of ID Serve appears. Click the Server Query tab For option 1, in the Enter or copy/paste an Internet server URL or IP
address section, enter the URL (http://www.certifiedhacker.com) you want to footprint.
4. Click Query the Server to start querying the website.
5. After the completion of the query, ID Serve displays d1e results of the entered website, 
After obtaining this information, the attacker may perform a vulnerability analysis on that particular version of the web server and implement
various techniques to perform exploitation

Netcat and Telnet

In parrot In the terminal window, type nc -vv www.moviescope.com 80 and press Enter.
Once you hit Enter, the netcat will display the hosting infonnation of the provided domain, as shown in the screenshot.
9. Now, type GET 1 HTTP/1.0 and press Enter twice.
10. Netcat will perform the banner grabbing and gather information such as content type, last modified date, accept ranges, ETag, and server information
In the terminal windows, type clear and press Enter to clear the netcat result in the terminal window.

Now, perform banner grabbing using telnet. In the terminal window, type telnet www.moviescope.com 80 and press Enter
Telnet will connect to the domain, as shown in the screenshot.
14. Now, type GET 1 HTTP/1.0 and press Enter twice. Telnet will perform the banner grabbing and gather information such as content type, last modified
date, accept ranges, ETag, and server information.

Nmap Scripting Engine (NSE)

in parrot in a terminal
Enumerate the directories used by web servers and web applications, in the terminal window. Type nmap -sV --script=http-enum <targetwebsite> and press Enter.
6. In this scan, we are enumerating the www.goodshopping.com website
This script enumerates and provides you with the output details
The next step is to discover the hostnames that resolve the targeted domain.
9. In the terminal window, type nmap --script hostmap-bfk -script-args hostmap-bfk.prefix=hostmap- www.goodshopping.com and press Enter
Perfonn an H'ITP trace on the targeted domain. In the terminal window, type nmap --script http-trace -d www.goodshopping.com and press Enter.
11. This script will detect a vulnerable server that uses the TRACE method  by sending an HTTP TRACE request that shows if the method is enabled or not.
Now, check whed1er Web Application Firewall is configured on the target host or domain. In me terminal window, type nmap -p80 --script http-waf-detect 
www.goodshopping.com and press Enter.
13. This command will scan the host and attempt to determine whether a web server is being monitored by an IPS, IDS, or WAF.
14. This command will probe the target host with malicious payloads and detect me changes in the response code.

Uniscan Web Server Fingerprinting

Start WAMPServer on the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine. Double-click the WAMPServer shortcut icon on Desktop to start the service.
3. Wait until the WAMPServer icon turns green in the notification area,
in Parrot In the terminal window, type uniscan -h and hit Enter to display the uniscan help options.
1 O. The help menu appears, as shown in the screenshot. First, use the -q command to search for the directories of the web server.
In the terminal window, type uniscan -u http://10.10.10.16:8080/CEH -q and hit Enter to start scanning for directories.
12. Here, 10.10.10.16 is the IP address of the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine. This may vary in your lab environment.
13. In the above command, the -u switch is used to provide the target URL, and the -q switch is used to scan the directories in the web server.
Uniscan starts performing different tests on the webserver and discovering web directories, as shown in the screenshot
Now, run uniscan using t:wo options together. Here -w and -e are used together to enable the file check (robots.txt and sitemap.xml file). In the
terminal window, type uniscan -u http:/110.10.10.16:8080/CEH -we and hit Enter to start the scan.
Uniscan starts the file check and displays the results,
Now, use the dynamic testing option by giving the command -d. Type uniscan -u http://10.10.10.16:8080/CEH -d and hit Enter to start a
dynamic scan on the web server
Uniscan starts performing dynarnic tests, obtaining more information about email-IDs, Source code disclosures, and external hosts.
Uniscan displays the PHP info,
After scanning, navigate to /usr/share/uniscan/report and right-click on 10.10.10.16.html. Hover your mouse cursor on Open With and click
Firefox from the menu to view the scan report

Crack FTP Credentials using a Dictionary Attack Hydra

In parrot, First, we will copy the Wonllists folder containing the sample username and password files (named Passwords.txt and Usemames.txt) from the shared
network drive to the root/Home directory of the Parrot Security virtual machine.
4. Todo so, open any windows explorer and press Ctrt+L. The Location field appears; type smb://10.10.10.10 and press Enter to access Windows 10 shared folders.
5. A security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Username: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0nl) and click Connect.
6. The Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears. Double-click the CEH-Tools folder.
Navigate to CEHv11 Module 13 Hacking Web Servers and copy the Wordlists folder.
Paste the Wordlists folder into the /home/attacker directory
A Parrot Terminal window appears. In the tenninal window, type sudo su and press Enter to run the programs as a root user.
Type mv /home/attacker.tWordlists /root/ and press Enter to move the Wordlists folder to the root directory
Perform an Nmap scan on the target machine (Windows 1O) to check if the FTP port is open.
16. In the parrot terminal window, type nmap -p21 [IP Address of Windows 1O], and press En ter.
Note: In this lab, the IP address of Windows 10 is 10.10.10.10.
Observe that port 21 is open in Windows 1 O.
18. Check if an FTP server is hosted on the Windows 1 O machine
Type ftp [IP Address of Windows 10] and press Enter. You will be prompted to enter user credentials. The need for credentials implies that
an FTP server is hosted on the machine.
Try entering random usernames and passwords in an attempt to gain FTP access.
Note: The password you en ter will not be visible on the screen.
21. As shown in the screenshot, you will not be able to log in to the FTP server. Close the terminal window.
Now, to attempt to gain access to the FTP server, perform a dictionary attack using the THC Hydra too!.
23. Open a new terminal and jump to the root directory. Now, type hydra -L /root/Wordlists/Usernames.txt -P /root/Wordlists/Passwords.txt ftp://[IP Address of Windows 10] 
and press Enter.
Note: The IP address of Windows 10 in this lab exercise is 10.10.10.10.
Hydra tries various combinations of usernames and passwords (present in the Usernames.txt and Passwords.txt files) on the FTP server and
outputs cracked usernames and passwords, as shown in the screenshot.
N ote: This might take some time to complete.
25. On completion of the password cracking, the cracked credentials appear, Try to login to ilie FfP server using one of ilie cracked username and
password combinations. In this lab, use Martin's credentials to gain access to the server


