The demonstrations in this lab use a Linksys 802.11 g WLAN adapter and CEH-LABS as thee access point. The CEH-LABS access point has been configured with WEP,
WPA, and WPA2 encryption as per the lab requirements.
Note: Here, me WEP encryption key is 1234567890. The WPA and WPA2 encryption password is password1.
N ote: If you decide to use a different wireless adapter, the steps to set up me adapter might differ.
1. Connect your access point CEH-LABS.
Note: Ensure that wireless router is plugged in to the network/ Internet.
2. Turn on me Windows 10 virtual machine, and log in with the credentials Admin and Pa$$w0rd.
3. Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Lab Prerequisites\Linksys Adapter, right-click setup64.exe, and click the Troubleshoot compatibility option
The Program Compatibility Troubleshooter wizard appears and begins Detecting issues.
5. After the issues have been detected, the Select troubleshooting option wizard appears; click Try recommended settings
In the Test compatibility settings for the program wizard, click Test the program •••
A User Account Control pop-up appears; click Yes.
8. The Linksys Adapter Setup Wizard appears; click Next.
In the License Agreement wizard, check the I accept this agreement checkbox and click Next.
10. Thee Preparing System for lnstall wizard appears; wait for it to complete
The lnsert Adapter wizard appears. Plug your Unksys 802.11 g WLAN adapter into an available USB port
After connecting the Linksys 802.11g WLAN adapter, a New USB Device Detected window appears. Select the Connect to a virtual machine radiobutton
under Choose where you would like to connect Linksys 802.11 g WLAN, and under Virtual Machine Name, select Windows 10; click OK.
In the Linksys Adapter Setup Wizard window, observe that the adapter starts lnstalling ....
14. After the installation completes, a Congratulations! Your adapter has been installed correctly notification appears; click Next.
An lnstalling Linksys Wireless Manager wizard appears and installs the Lnksys software. On completion, the Connect to a Wireless Network
wizard appears and the adapter starts searching for available wireless networks.
16. The list of the available wireless network in range appears, 
17 . Select CEH-LABS and click the Connect button.
In the Quickly Connect Using Push Button wizard, click Skip.
19. In the Connect to a Wireless Network wizard, type the password of wireless network CEH-LABS (in this example, password1) in the Your
network requires a security key. Enter it here: field, and click Next.
The wizard shows the message Checking Connection as the adapter attempts to connect to the network.
21. The Connected to Your Network screen appears in the wizard once the connection has been established. Click Finish to exit the setup
When the Linksys Adapter Setup Wizard notification appears, click OK
A Manage your wireless networks pop-up appears, click OK
Now that we have set up the wireless adapter, we shall disable me ed1ernet adapter.

NetSurveyor


In windows, ensure that the Linksys 802.11g WLAN adapter is plugged in and connected to the Windows 10 virtual machine.
If the adapter is not connected to the virtual machine, unplug and plug it in again. A New USB Device Detected window appears: select the Connect to
a virtual machine radio-button, and under Virtual Machine Name, select Windows 10; click OK.
Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 16 Hacking Wireless Networks\Wi-Fi Discovery Tools\NetSurveyor and double-click NetSurveyor-Setup.exe
After the system reboots, login with the credentials Admin/ Pa$$w0rd.
Note: Ensure that the Linksys 802.11 g WLAN adapter is connected to the Windows 10 virtual machine.
As befo re, if the adapter is not connected, tmplug and plug it in again. A New USB Device Detected window appears: select the Connect to a virtual
machine radio-button, and tmder Virtual Machine Name, select Windows click OK.
7. Launch NetSurveyor by double-clicking the NetSurveyor shortcut from Desktop.
N ote: If a User Account Control pop-up appears, click Yes.
8. NetSurveyor initializes, and a list of discovered access-points in the network appears under the Network Discovery tab, along with details
such as SSID, BSSID, Channel, Beacon Strength, etc.
9. In the lower section of the window, the Channel Usage tab displays a graphical view of the usage of 802.11 channels by discovered access points .
In the lower section of the window, click the AP Timecourse tab to view the timecourse of Beacon qualities by SSID in a graphical format .
Click the Channel Spectrogram tab to view the spectrogram of the 802.11 channel usage. This information can be used to perform spectrum
analysis, actively monitor spectrum usage in a particular area, and detect the spectrum signal of the target network
Similarly, you can gather detailed information about the discovered access points with other graphical diagnostic views by navigating to different
tabs in the lower section. lnformation you can discover includes differential beacon qualities by SSID, the timecourse of 802.11 channel
usage, and a heatmap of 802.11 channel usage.
13. To save the gathered information in a report, click File from the menu bar and select Create Report ••• from the options.
The Report Charts As An Adobe PDF File (*.pdf) window appears.
Navigate to the location where you want to save d1e file (in this case, Downloads), ensure the File name is NetSurveyor Report, and click Save

Wash and Wireshark

In parrot Plug in the Linksys 802.11g WLAN adapter.
3. A New USB Device Detected window appears. Select the Connect to a virtual machine radio-button under Choose where you would like to
connect Unksys 802.11 g WLAN, and under Virtual Machine Name, select Parrot Security; click OK.
In the Parrot Terminal window, type ifconfig and press Enter. Observe that the wireless interface (in this case, wlanO) gets connected to the machine
In the terminal window, type airmon-ng start wlan0 and press Enter.
This command puts the wireless interface (in this case, wlanO) into monitor mode.
1 O. The result appears, displaying the error: "Found 2 processes that could cause trouble." To put the interface in monitor mode, these processes must be killed.
11 . Type airmon-ng check kili and press Enter to stop the network managers and kili the interfering processes.
Now, in the command airmon-ng start wlan0 again to put the wireless interface in monitor mode.
13. Note that Linksys WUSB54GC v3 802.11g Adapter is now running in monitor mode on the wlanOmon interface
Now, we shall fmd Wi-Fi networks (access points) by using the wireless
interface wlanOmon.
15. Type wash -i wlan0mon and press Enter to detect \WS-enabled devices.
Note: The command -i, --interfac,e=<iface> specifies the interface to capture the packets.
16. The results appear, displaying the discovered Wi-Fi access points.
Note: If no results appear, restart the Parrot Security virtual machine and perform Steps 1 - 8, type wash -i wlan0mon in the Terminal window, and press Enter
Now, click Applications in the top-left corner of Desktop and navigate to Pentesting -> lnformation Gathering -> wireshark
The Wireshark Network Analyzer window appears; double-click the wireless network interface (in this case, wlan0mon) to start capturing network traffic
Wireshark starts capturing net:work traffic. Note that the captured wireless packets are labeled 802.11 under the Protocol column

Aircrack-ng

In parrot Plug in the Linksys 802.11 g WLAN adapter.
4. A New USB Device Detected window appears. Select the Connect to a virtual machine radio-button under Choose where you would like to
connect Unksys 802.11 g WLAN, and under Virtual Machine Name, select Parrot Security; click OK
A Parrot Terminal window appears. In the terminal window, type sudo su and press Enter to run the programs as a root user.
In the Parrot Terminal window, type airmon-ng start wlan0 and press Enter. This command puts the wireless interface (in this case, wlan0) into monitor mode.
1 O. The result appears, displaying d1e error: "Found 2 processes that could cause trouble". To put the interface in monitor mode, these processes must be killed.
Type airmon-ng check kili and press Enter to stop the network managers and kili the interfering processes
Now, in the command airmon-ng start wlan0 again to put the wireless adapter into monitor or promiscuous mode.
13. Note that Linksys WUSB54GC v3 802.11g Adapter is now running in monitor mode on the wlan0mon interface,
Type airodump-ng wlan0mon and press Enter. This command requests a list of detected access points, and connected clients ("stations").
The result appears, displaying the available access points

In the terminal window, type airodump-ng -bssid B4:75:0E:89:00:60 wlan0mon and press Enter.
Note: In this command, --bssid: MAC address of the target access point (in this example, B4:75:0E:89:00:60). wlan0mon: wireless interface
Airodump-ng starts capturing the lnitialization Vector (IV) from the target AP, .
22. The list of connected clients ("stations") appears. You can observe that there are two clients connected to the target access point
(B4:75:0E:89:00:60). In this task, we will send deaud1entication packets to the client STATION: 20:A6:0C:30:23:D3. Leave airodump-ng running
Open another terminal by clicking the MATE Terminal
In the new terminal window, type aireplay-ng --deauth 15 -a B4:75:0E:89:00:60 -c 20:A6:0C:30:23:D3 wlan0mon and press Enter to generate de-authentication packets.
Note: In this command•
--deauth: Activates deauthentication mode
15 Number of deauthentication packets to be sent
-a: Sets the access point MAC address
-c: Sets the destination MAC address
wlan0mon: Wireless interface
Note: If you get any errors while running the command, reíssue the command multiple times until it executes successfully
The source MAC address should be associated with the access point in order to accept the packet. Because, in this case, the source MAC address
used to inject the packets has no connection with the access point, the access point usually ignores the packets and sends out a deauthentication
packet, which contains the access point's SSID, in plain text. In order to create a fake authentication, we need to associate it with d1e access point.
29. Switch back to the terminal window where airodump-ng is running. You will observe that the hidden SSID associated with BSSID B4:75:0E:89:00:60 appears under ESSID as CEH-LABS,

Wifiphisher

In the Parrot Terminal window, type apt-get install libnl-3-dev libnlgenl-3-dev and press Enter to install the dependencies for Wifiphisher
Once the installation has finished, type apt-get install libssl-dev in the terminal window and press Enter to install the libssl-dev dependency.
Note: If the above command does not work, then run the dpkg --configure -a command before trying apt-get install libssl-dev again.
Paste the copied roguehostapd folder on the location /home/attacker/ .
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attacker/roguehostapd /root/ .
12. After cloning roguehostapd, type cd roguehostapd and press Enter to navigate to the cloned repository.
13. Now, type python setup.py install and press Enter to install the roguehostapd application.
Note: Roguehostapd is a fork of hostapd, the famous user space software access point. It provides Python ctypes bindings anda number of additional
attack features. It was primarily developed for use in the Wifip hisher project.
After the installation finishes, type cd .. and press Enter to navigate back to the root directory
Paste the copied wifiphisher folder on d1e location /home/attacker/. (git clone http:)
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attackerlwifiphisher /root/.
16. After cloning Wifiphisher, type cd wifiphisher and press Enter to navigate to the cloned repository
Now, type python3 setup.py install and press Enter to install Wifiphisher
After the installation finishes, type cd •• and press Enter to navigate back to the root directory
Type wifiphisher --force-hostapd and press Enter to launch the Wifiphisher application
Wifiphisher initializes and appears in the Parrot Terminal window.
21. It scans the network for available access points and displays them,.
22. In the list of available access points, we will select CEH-LABS. Use the Down Arrow key on your keyboard to navigate to the CEH-LABS access point and press Enter.
23. Note the YOU HAVE SELECTED CEH-LABS notification in the lower section of the window
The Available Phishing Scenario wizard appears. Use the Down Arrow key to navigate to Network Manager Connect and press Enter to select the option
After selecting Network Manager Connect, you will observe a YOU HAVE SELECTED wifi_connect notification in the lower section of the window
A window appears, displaying the fake network that we have created under Extensions feed. Note that deauth (deauthentication) packets are sent to the all the connected devices
Now, switch to your "victim" mobile device. Note that a rogue access point with the name CEH-LABS has been created along with the original CEH-LABS access point,
28. Observe that the rogue access point does not have any security enabled
Click on the rogue access point CEH-LABS (the one that is unsecured).
Note that your device initializes a connection with d1e access point and starts obtaining the IP address
After your device has connected to d1e CEH-LABS access point, you will notice that there is no Internet
Now, switch back to the Wifiphisher window running in the Parrot Security virtual machine. You can see the connected device under the Connected Victims section
Switch back to your connected Android device. Slide down from the top of the device and tap the Connect to Wi-Fi option
The Enter the password for "CEH-LABS" screen appears. Under Enter Password, type the pre-shared key in the Password field and click Join
Now, switch back to the Wifiphisher window and note the captured WEP key
After obtaining the key, press Esc in the Wifiphisher application window to quit.

Crack a WEP Network using Aircrack-ng

In the Parrot Terminal window, type airmon-ng start wlan0 and press Enter. This command puts the wireless interface (in this case, wlanO) into monitor mode
Note that Linksys WUSB54GC v3 802.11g Adapter is now running in monitor mode on the wlan0mon interface
Type airodump-ng wlanOmon and press Enter. This command requests airodump-ng to display a list of detected access points and connected clients ("stations').
If you wish to can search only for available WEP networks, run the airodump-ng wlan0mon --encrypt wep command.
16. The result appears, displaying only the net:works with WEP enabled
Checking injection
 In other terminal, type cd and press Enter to jump to the root directory.
22. In the terminal window, type aireplay-ng -9 -e CEH-LABS -a B4:75:0E:89:00:60 wlanOmon and press Enter.
Note: In this command, -9: tests injection and quality; -e: specifies the target IP access point SSID (in this case, CEH-LABS); -a: specifies the MAC address
of the target access point (in this case, B4:75:0E:89:00:60); and wlanOmon: is the wireless interface. 23. The result appears, showing that lnjection is working!,
Now, you must instmct airodump-ng to begín capturing the Initialization Vector (IV) from the access point Todo so, in the terminal window, type
airodump-ng -bssid B4:75:0E:89:00:60 -c 1 -w WEPcrack wlan0mon and press Enter. Leave airodump-ng running.
Note: In this command, --bssid: is the MAC address of the target access point (in this case, B4:75:0E:89:00:60); -e: is the channel on wluch d1e target
access-point is running (in this case, CEH-LABS is nm11Íng on channel number 1); -w: is d1e name of the dump file prefi.x that contaíns d1e IVs (in this case,
WEPcrack); and wlanOmon: is wireless interface
Airodump-ng will capture the IVs generated from the target access point
Open another terminal by clicking the MATE Terminal
In this new terminal window, type aireplay-ng -3 -b B4:75:0E:89:00:60 -h 20:A6:0C:30:23:D3 wlan0mon and press Enter. This command will
generate ARP traffic in the net:work. The reason for choosing ARP request packets is beca use the access points will usually rebroadcast them,
and this will generate new IVs.
Note: Reissue dus command until it runs successfully
Wait until the number of send ARP packets reaches the range of 15,000-20,000, and then press Ctrl+C to stop generating ARP traffic in the network.
32. Switch back to the terminal window where airodump-ng is running. Wait tmtil the number of captured packets reaches the range of 15,000-20,000.
Press Ctrl+C to stop the capture
Now, launch aircrack-ng to recover the WEP key from the capture file.
Type aircrack-ng WEPcrack-01.cap and press Enter.
34. Aircrack-ng will crack the WEP key of the CEH-LABS

Crack a WPA Network using Fern Wifi Cracker
