Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP)

In Windows, In Google Chrome, click the Customize and control Google Chrome icon (:), and select Settings from the context menu.
On the Settings page, scroll down and click the Advanced option in the browser.
Scroll down to the System section and click Open your computer's proxy settings to configure a proxy'.
Under the Manual proxy setup section, make the following changes:
Under the Use a proxy server option, click the Off button to switch it On.
In the Address field, type 10.10.10.19 (the IP address of the attacker's machine).
In the Port field, type 8080 . Click Save .
Switch to the Windows Server 2019
To install OWASP ZAP, na viga te to Z\ICEHv11 Module 11 Session Hijacking\OWASP ZAP, double-click ZAP _2_8_0_windows.exe,
A prompt that reads Do you want to persist the ZAP Session? appears. Select the No, I do not want to persist this session at this moment in time
radio button and click Start.
The OWASP ZAP main window appears. Click on the " +" icon in the right pane and select Break from the options.
Note: The Break tab allows you to modify a response or request when ZAP has caught it. It also allows you to modify certain elements that you cannot modify
through your browser, including:
a) The header
b) Hidden fields
e) Disabled fields
d) Fields that use JavaScript to ftlter out illegal characters
Break tab is added to your OWASP ZAP window.
19. To configure ZAP as a prxy, click the Settings icon * from the toolbar
In the Options window, click Local Proxies in the left pane. In the right pane, under the Local Proxy section, type 10.10.10.19 (the IP address of the
Windows Server 20 19 virtual machine) in the Address field and set the Port value to the default, 8080; click OK
Click the Set break on all requests and responses icon (circulo verde) on the main ZAP toolbar. This button sets and unsets a global breakpoint that will trap
and display the next response or request from the victim's machine in the Break tab.
Note: the Set break on all requests and responses icon turns automatically from green to red.
Now, switch back to the victim's machine (Windows 10) and launch the same browser in which you configured the prm:y settings. In this lab, we have
configured the Google Chrome browser.
23. Type www.moviescope.com in the address bar and press Enter.
24. A message appears, stating that Your connection is not private. Click the Advanced button.
Now, switch back to the attacker machine (Windows Server 2019) and observe that OWASP ZAP has begin to capture the requests of the victim's machine
In Steps 23-25, we visited www.moviescope.com in the victim's browser.
Look in the Break tab and click the Submit and step to next request and response icon (play) on the toolbar to capture the www.moviescope.com request.
A HTTP response appears; click the icon (play) on the toolbar.
Now, in the Break tab, modify www.moviescope.com to www.goodshopping.com in all the captured GET requests.
N ote: If you find any URL starting with https, modify it to http.
30. Once you have modified the GET requests, click the (play) icon on the toolbar to forward the traffic to the victim's machine
Modify every HTTP request captured by OWASP ZAP until you see the www.goodshopping.com page in the victim's machine.
Note: You will need to switch back and forth from the victim's machine to see the browser status while you do this.
32. Now, switch to the victim's machine (Windows 10); the browser displays the website that the attacker wants the victim's machine to see (in this example,
www.goodshopping.com).
Note: It takes multiple iterations to open the Good Shopping site in the victim's machine.
33. The victim has navigated to www.moviescope.com, but now sees www.goodshopping.com; while the address bar displays www.moviescope.com, the window displays www.goodshopping.com

Bettercap

In the Parrot Terminal window, type bettercap -h and press Enter
Note: In this command, -h: requests a list of the available options
In the terminal window, type bettercap -iface ethO and press Enter to set the network interface.
Note: -iface: specifies the interface to bind to (in this example, ethO) 
Note: If the bettercap version in your lab environment is old, run the following commands:
sudo apt remove bettercap
sudo rm /usr/local/bin/bettercap
In -s /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libpcap.so.1.8.1 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libpcap.so.1
wget "https://github.com'curl -s https://github.com/bettercap/bettercap/releases | grep -E -o '/bettercap/bettercap/releases/download/v[0-9.]+/bettercap_linux_amd64_[0-9.]+zip' | head -n 1'"
Type help and press Enter to view the list of available modules in bettercap.
Type net.probe on and press Enter. This module will send different types of probe packets to each IP in the current subnet for the net.recon module to detect them.
11. Type net.recon on and press Enter. This module is responsible for periodically reading the system ARP table to detect new hosts on the network.
Note: The netrecon module displays the detected active IP addresses in the network. In real-time, this module will start sniffing network packets.
12. Type set net.sniff.regexp '.*password=.+' and press Enter. This module will only consider the packets sent with a payload matching the given regular
expression (in this case, '.*password=.+')
You can observe that bettercap starts sniffing network traffic on target machine Windows 10
Now, switch to the Windows 10 virtual machine. Open any web browser (in this case, Mozilla Firefox), type www.moviescope.com in the address bar,and press Enter
Switch back to the Parrot virtual machine. You can observe that bettercap has sniffed the website browsed by the victim on the target system
Now, switch to the Windows 10 virtual machine again. On the MovieScope website, enter any credentials (in this example, sam/ test) and press Enter to log in
Switch to the Parrot virtual machine. You can observe the details of both the browsed website and the credentials obtained in plain text
