Yersinia

On the Parrot  open wireshark
A Parrot Terminal window appears. In the terminal window, type sudo su and press Enter to run the programs as a root user
Maximize the window of the terminal
Type yersinia -l and press Enter to open Yersinia in interactive mode.
Note: -l: Starts an interactive ncurses session.
To remove the Notification window, press any key, and then press h for help.
13. The Available commands option appears
Press q to exit me help options.
15. Press F2 to select DHCP mode. In DHCP mode, STP Fields in the lower section of the window change to DHCP Fields,
Press x to list available attack options
The Attack Panel window appears; press 1 to start a DHCP starvation attack.
Yersinia starts sending DHCP packets to the network adapter and all active machines in the local network, 
N ote: If you are using multiple targets, yo u will observe ilie same packets on all target machines.
After a few seconds, press q to stop the attack
Now, switch to the Wireshark window and observe the huge number of captured DHCP packets
Click on any DHCP packet and expand the Ethernet II node in the packet details section. lnformation regarding the source and destination MAC addresses is displayed,

Arpspoof

In the Parrot open wireshark
In the Parrot Terminal window, type arpspoof -i ethO -t 10.10.10.2 10.10.10.1O and press Enter.
(Here, 10.10.10.10 is IP address of the target system [Windows 10], and 10.10.10.2 is IP address of the access point or gateway)
Note: -i: specifies network interface and -t: specifies target IP address.
9. Issuing the above command informs the access point that the target system (10.10.10.10) has our MAC address (the MAC address of host machine
(Parrot Security)). In other words, we are informing the access point that we are the target system.
1 O. After sending a few packets, press CTRL + z to stop sending the ARP packets
In wireshark receive the packets
Switch back to the terminal window where arpspoof was running. Type arpspoof -i ethO -t 10.10.10.10 10.10.10.2 and press Enter.
13. Through the above command, the host system infonns the target system (10.10.10.10) that it is the access point (10.10.10.2).
14. After sending a few packets, press CTRL + z to stop sending the ARP packets.
In Wireshark, you can observe the ARP packets with an alert warning "duplicate use of 10.10.10.10 detected!"

Man-in-the-Middle (MITM) Attack using Cain & Abel

In windows Navigate to Z:\CEHv11 Module 08 Sniffing\ARP Poisoning Tools\Cain & Abel and double-click ca_setup.exe
The WínPcap lnstallatíon pop-up appears; click Don't ínstall, as you already installed it during the lab setup.
Now, double-click the Caín shortcut on Desktop to launch Caín & Abel.
Click Configure from the menu bar to configure an ethernet card
The Configuration Dialog window appears. By default, the Sniffer tab is selected. Ensure that the Adapter associated wid1 the IP address of the
machine is selected; then, click OK.
Click the Start/Stop Sniffer icon  on the toolbar to begin sniffing
Now, click the Sniffer tab.
Click the plus(+) icon or right-click in the window and select Scan MAC Addresses to scan the network for hosts.
16. The MAC Address Scanner window appears. Check the All hosts in my subnet radio button and select the All Tests checkbox; then, click OK.
Caín & Abel starts scanning for MAC addresses and lists all those found.
18. After completing the scan, a list of all active IP addresses along with their  corresponding MAC addresses is displayed
Now, click the APR tab at the bottom of the window.
20. APR options appear in the left-hand pane. Click anywhere on the topmost section in the right-hand pane to activate the plus (+) icon.
Click the plus (+) icon, a New ARP Poison Routing window appears, from which we can add IPs to listen to traffic
To monitor the traffic between two systems here, Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016), click to select 10.10.10.10 (Windows 10) from
the left-hand pane and 10.10.10.16 (Windows Server 2016) from the right-hand pane; click OK.
Click to select the created target IP address scan displayed in the Configuration/Routes Packets tab
Click on the Start/Stop APR icon to start capturing ARP packets
Now, switch to the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine, log in with the credentials Administrator and Pa$$w0rd.
26. launch Command Prompt.
27. type ftp 10.10.10.10 (the IP address of Windows 10) and press Enter.
28. When prompted for a User, type "Jason" and press Enter; for a Password, type "qwerty" and press Enter.
Switch back to the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine; observe that the toollists packet exchange
Click the Passwords tab from the bottom of the window. Click FTP from the left-hand pane to view the sniffed password for ftp 10.10.10.10,

Wireshark

filtro http.request.method == POST
click Edit from the menu bar and click Find Packet ....
The Find Packet section appears below the display filter field,
Click Display filter, select String from the drop-down options. Click
Packet list, select Packet details from the drop-down options, and click Narrow & Wide and select Narrow (UTF-8 1 ASCII) from the drop-down options.
17. In the field next to String, type pwd and click the Find button
Wireshark will now display the sniffed password from the captured packets.
19. Expand the HTML Form URL Encoded: application/x-www-formurlencoded node from the packet details section, and view the captured username and password
